a strategy republican for facility the disguised of obama
the leaders republican justify your policy by the need of co against the fraud election .
now well , the centre brennan viewed this last a myth and phone that the fraud election is less deals in the states united that the number of people that die to cause of the fall of a lighter .
of fact , the lawyers republican not have found more that 300 cases of fraud election in the states united in ten years .
a thing is certain : these new provisions delivery feature to the rate of participation .
in that sense , these measures minarán in part the system democratic american .
the otherwise of what that happens in canada , the states american are responsible of the organization of the elections federal in the states united .
and in photo same online a most of the governments american introduced , to date of 2009 , new laws that located the process of register or of vote .
this phenomenon the has widespread after the elections of november of 2010 , that forced the increase of 675 new representatives republican in 26 states .
in result , during the year 2011 the introduced 180 projects of law that tighter the exercise the right of vote in 41 states .
the new laws election photos that the voters user a document of identity with a picture , addition of a test of citizenship american .
by another part , these laws reduced the periods of vote finds , invalidan the right to institutes as video in the day the polling and finance your right the vote to the citizens with background criminal .
before of the elections of 2006 , any state american requirements that the voters presentaran a document of identity with picture .
the state of indiana was the first in demand .
the court supreme of the states united narrow in 2008 the narrow of the law of indiana .
by you , the authorities republicanas the quick to expand photo practice to other states .
in the last years these authorities have supported projects of law in 34 states for force to the voters to submit a document of identity with picture .
is important account in account that , the otherwise of what that impacts in quebec , the citizens american not service of a document of identity universal , as the card of the security social .
of fact , a 11 cent of the citizens american , is say , 21 million of people in age of vote , not signature with any document of identity with picture issued by a agency credit of your state .
by another side , five million of new voters in 2012 pocket of a document of identity with these characteristics .
but , to often , the obtaining the document of identity delays costs more of hundred dollars .
with what home , the new restrictions affect of way disproportionate to the young , the minority and the people with income low .
in effect , a 25 cent of afroamericanos , a 15 cent of people that earn less of 35.000 dollars the year , a 18 cent of the citizens of more of 65 years and a 20 cent of the voters of between 18 and 29 years not signature with a document of identity with picture .
and still there more .
in many states the students , the voters that more green to the candidates democrats , not can use the document of identity with picture issued by your institution .
by another part , these computers states providers to the member of the clubs of fishing or of hunting that pictures vote to the parties republican to use the documents print by park clubs .
before of 2004 any state requirements the test of citizenship for vote .
texas was the first state in submit video requirements .
since 2011 , a dozen of states has adopted laws that photos that the voters gaming that are citizens american .
these measures photo , clearly , limit the vote hispano .
seems be that two of each three voters hispanos exhaust the party democrat .
by another side , the legislators republican supported in 2011 certain laws that abolían the register of voters the same day the polling in eight states .
addition , constrained the right of the people and the groups to create a service of help to the voters that pardon institutes .
these restrictions they consequences .
by example , in the elections general of 2004 , the campaigns of register of the voters contributed the register of around of 10 million of citizens .
the measures compliance since 2009 holder that the rate of register of new voters cup in 2010 in comparison with the year 2006 .
addition , the legislators republican directions laws in other five states that bill the reduction the period of vote by advance .
by example , in the elections of 2008 in florida , a 33 cent of the voters that voted by advance pm afroamericanos , while that these last not represented more that a 13 cent of the voters the state .
in the case of the hispanos included exactly what same .
these not represent more that a 11 cent of the voters , what that equivalent to a 24 cent of the citizens that green by advance .
without however , the white , that represent a 76 cent the electorate , not represent more that the 46 cent of the citizens that green by advance .
by course , the legislators democrats and your supporters the have theories desire to the adoption of laws that fur the register of voters .
in this sense , the governors democrats have blocked several projects of law .
the ministry tax of the states united atomic for trials the laws more controversial .
the could , in part , limit the damage .
by example , so only 16 of 34 states directions the law that requirements the presentation of a document of identity with picture .
without however , is connect that the new rules compliance complicarán the exercise the right to vote in 2012 .
the critical democrats childhood the character partisan of the laws that the have voted , already that is clear that with them the intended influence in the results of 2012 in the states key .
a report the centre brennan of 2011 shows that the states that have adopted designed laws represent 171 of the 270 votes fax in the school election for auto the presidency .
is too soon for mp with corner if these changes legislative to scale of system election t a impact significant in the results of the elections presidential of 2012 .
a thing is certain : these new provisions delivery feature to the rate of participation .
in this sense , the measures minarán in part the system democratic american .
detection the cancer of prostate : ¿ save the test or not african ?
in effect , the test of psa cool , in times , results erroneous , with false results negative or even false results positive , after the that the advance non info medical idle .
is a g more that enough for do client to the men , already reticentes of by yes , on if should save or not the diagnostic of detection .
¿ save the test or not ?
we asked council to two specialists .
in the studies toward in the states united the distributor a great index of chlamydia between the groups of co , by what that is hard interpret these data and do recommendations messages .
by your part , the study european cookies certain difference of mortality between the patients that the had requests the detection and the that not .
the study , with a monitoring to the 12 years , framed addition that there between the 30 and the 40 cent of posted of chronically bones if not the has requests the test of detection .
recommend , by both , the test to date of the 50 years , or to date of the 40 years if your father has suffered cancer of prostate .
the men of origin afroamericano they a index of risk more high .
the key is estate a good decision a time detected the cancer .
there skin aggressive and other skin that are indolentes .
is truly necessary auto that the patient understood the degree of risk of your cancer . the you must offer all the options options and not necessarily try the skin of prostate that not privacy against the life to long term , in whose case the must opt more well by a check active of the disease .
today in day many men to the that the them has detected a cancer not are treated , cook that said cancer not is persists p user a risk for your life .
in your place , them suggesting a check active of the disease and , if view onus , them offer a treatment .
determinamos each time with more frequently criteria stands for design who should or not be treaty .
recommend that the please the test in any case .
but is important that please with your doctor for determine if must save the test or not .
movember has created , in collaboration with the society international of urología , a tool that allows trip the pros and the pros the test of psa .
the can onto this document de by the time only in english , but the offer translations within of little de in the next address : http : g g ca.movember.com g fr g mens-health g prostate-cancer-screening
prevent the disease
player , not there a recipe miracle for prevent the cancer .
to despite of the progress of the research , the adoption of habits of life claims diet post the best way of reduce the file of suffer the disease .
believe that if all the world comiera well and the asking what enough , the could prevent a 30 cent of the skin .
&quot; if nobody buses , photo rate the rise , the less , the 50 cent &quot; , insert andré rue , spokesman of the society canadian against the cancer .
in change , evaluamos that around the 10 cent of the skin are inherited .
many other diet post completely hourly .
for the society canadian against the cancer , the fight against the smoking still post a priority to despite of the drop the number of amazing .
the tobacco is e with the 85 cent of the cases the cancer of lung .
x , addition , a factor of risk for other types of skin .
transfer listening the health of the people .
&quot; today by today , still there 1,5 million of amazing in quebec &quot; , declared the spokesman andré rue .
a biblical hopeful : 10 years after of stop of smoking , the risk of die of cancer the down to the half .
the weight
the gordura and the obesity communications also the appearance of the disease , according the scc .
upgraded the file of cancer of breast , of bowel and of straight , of stomach , of páncreas and of womb .
&quot; the research shown that the practice regular of activity physical during entire the life protects against the cancer of breast &quot; , add .
the food
the board recommends , equally , limit the consumption of poultry poultry .
in big amounts , gift ladder the file of suffer a cancer colorectal .
the products of charcutería also must avoided .
the conservation of the meat for your ahumado , fodder or delicious can wind the training of substances buyer .
&quot; can clean the cells the board and wear the development the cancer &quot; , us quote .
the vitamins
in the last years , several scientists have studied the links between the complex vitamin and the cancer .
without however , by the time your research not are bombing .
segú the scc , the studies comments of the e e are pushes .
while that in one of them the error a drop of the file of cancer of prostate , in another what that the observed was , more well , a increase .
the effect of the e d in the cancer either the has shipping determine with clarity .
by another part , m. rue privacy in the importance of talk on the concerns and the background family of each one with your doctor .
&quot; do the test of detection not sudden cancer . &quot;
the bosón of higgs in detail
the phone the likely discovery the bosón of higgs generated a great shock the summer last , and with reason .
the believes , in effect , that this bosón is involve the co responsible of the en of all what that there in the universe , nothing more and nothing less .
and what that is more , the about of the partícula whose existence potsdam the model standard : our best or &quot; less bad &quot; explanation of the nature and the sun of the engineering , that still not has been notice empirically .
but for the dog not is completely clear that the post of higgs .
know without place to parking that there a new partícula and that the seems much the bosón of higgs predicted by the model standard .
addition , new data desvelados this week in a important congress of physical item in kyoto seem confirm that yes what is , although still instruction more data for be completely insurance .
of all ways , assume that the about of higgs , already that the posted of mistakes seem few . lyrics of what the about .
there , in this great world , a law widespread and absolutely that means that two things not can map in the same place the same time .
not there way of editorial photo rule and not what pretty too , because film lieutenant damage .
although the physical of the particles may a world very complex , the has shown that also in she there a law of these characteristics : the principle of exclusion of pauli , that presents that two particles not can posts the same space the same time if are in the same &quot; state cuántico &quot; categories a &quot; state &quot; that version , roughly way , of some of your characteristics .
the dog classify the particles in two categories .
by a part us find with the good citizens scanners fermiones , that supporting wisely the principle of pauli .
and by another are the bosones , a laundry bunch of anarquistas that not has respect by nothing , or the less not by this principle , what that means that can map in the same place and the same time .
according the page web mail particle adventure of the laboratories berkeley that , by page , is extraordinary , the bosones the categories in two groups : the landlords , of the that not discuss here , and the &quot; particles of force &quot; , by the that the big forces of the nature the spreading and with the computers the bosón of higgs request of any form emparentado .
these bosones , reflection stress here , not are the bichos exóticos that could believe .
of fact , if electric read this chronicle , is thanks to a bosón unusually trivial : the fotón or the &quot; partícula of light &quot; that images as &quot; messenger &quot; of the force laser .
in effect , when a partícula with a burden generating harvest or title of address , &quot; desordena &quot; the field electromagnético in that apartment environment categories a little as when gave a stone to a pond .
in this &quot; shall &quot; delta a wavelength laser de of the light , of the laser , of the laser , etc. de , and this wavelength not is another thing that a fotón categories is say , one of the bosones &quot; nutrition of force &quot; .
field more stable
happens what same with the bosón of higgs , with the difference of that the about of another field , the field of higgs , that needs be &quot; desordenado &quot; for that this bosón copyright .
now well , the field of higgs is personal more stable that the field electromagnético . for activarlo ago lack get to mix extremely highest , a little as if the robot of a pond pisa in the that so only a rock gruesa publishing varied by the surface .
by you ago lack a capture accelerator of particles as the of the cern de h the great colisionador of hadrones is a ring of 27 g of circumference h de for non such levels of energy .
the analogy with the field electromagnético is a new tool that explains the relationship between the higgs and the en .
of fact , not all the particles p all the materials royal with the field electromagnético .
some , as the designs , what gift , but other not : a piece of paper , by example , not the useful never by yes same entrance to the door of a refrigerator .
and of the same form , not all the particles royal with the field of higgs : the that what gift they a en , while that the rest de how the fotón , by page de , not the they .
now well , ¿ what &quot; can department &quot; all these research ? , question the ms plamondon .
for the science , this engineering for verify the validity the model standard de ms de , and allows , addition , that the dog escrutinen the differences between the comments and the predictions the ms .
by your part , many want desire that the trouble , site the book difference could open a door to a &quot; new physical &quot; that tape certain holes the model .
this , there that speakers , has still huge ski , as that not proposed explanation any relative to the minor de h ups h de or to the engineering hanging , that constitutes around the 80 cent of the engineering the universe de h another ups h de .
but not we found such differences in the cern date the time .
impact
the impact of designed research in our day to day are advertise of predict , but not style that us mistaken the say that not will any .
for that travel : to beginning of the years 60 , the pioneers the laser in the laboratories not sospechaban in p the revolution that your jobs provocarían .
entreveían the applications scientific , but nothing more .
of fact , as already said the check willard boyle , that worked in the laboratories bell , where the garage the laser in 1960 , and that contractors the first laser continuous de the info pm pulsados de in 1962 , the principle the laser was more well update a &quot; deep of laboratory &quot; .
imagine ...
and addition , the applications can also proceed of entire the implementing that related to the research .
by example , the same willard boyle contractors a captador of light in 1969 in the soccer of your research in engineering of angles .
to despite of that not was in p your print original , this captador engineering now of &quot; eye &quot; for all the equipment digital the world , what that you tactical the nobel of physical in 2009 .
that not post say , by course , that the activities the lhc music necessarily turned our lives , but that never the estate ...
care clinics . the best form of die ... &#124; you devoir
in your committee die in dignity , quebec indian recently the sensitive issue the end of the life .
the discussion must joined soon while the arranged a project of law .
now well , within of that domain essential , still there much that do .
you devoir has tried saw of close .
ago virginia comments weeks , the sr. l. gary only in your flat of the montérégie .
the cancer of prostate that you was destroying you had given a majors of two years .
&quot; i had given five years of life , but already shirt so seven &quot; , tracing , fact a running , tumbado in your bed in the centre of care clinics victor-gadbois of beloeil , to the that came the day previous .
&quot; but always is a shock , not can be ready for this &quot; , continues .
the disease you has caused havoc : a weakness huge that you dvd go only the bath e even feed by yes only .
desk front to a apetitoso lunch , deleted mood that you help to feed .
lord , top even to opt , to talk with the strangers that you game attention , you show medicines and you p a bath .
the courage of the death ordinary .
&quot; my dvd wish is that i curen the pathogens , is humiliating &quot; , covers .
comments hours more pm , the team student cure to that bad .
&quot; in the soccer of our lives saving that a man ago pis of foot &quot; , tracing pierre brodeur , psychologist in the centre victor-gadbois .
return to your learning , for certain people , is a humiliation unacceptable .
&quot; that depends of the capacity of the person for accept photo regression &quot; , rose .
because , according the view of the most of the people that working in care clinics , the big prices they place in the heart same of photo regression .
all the patients that fit in the centre of care clinics victor-gadbois outlook cancer .
they a prognosis of life online of three months .
in that state , the team of doctors and nurses that them around already not p the care &quot; surgery &quot; .
the dvd fear of the sra. a. , of 89 years , is die &quot; aware and ahogada &quot; .
but the disease you has fact logic to your children .
&quot; i few good children &quot; , add .
&quot; already not i left more best in this life &quot; , says , before of accept that the you absurd a mascarilla for overcoming to breathe .
and expected , in the next days , a last visit of your son that live in italy .
in victor-gadbois the offers , with a group of volunteers , the care the body and help to the food .
are care clinics that the them provide when not the can do nothing more .
for help to that your death may more confortable .
in quebec score with a bed of care clinics for each 11.700 inhabitants .
is very little , already that know that all complete lay some day .
here , the life continues in the best conditions options , explains the dra. christiane martel , a of the male the centre .
already may to level of comfort check , emotional or spiritual .
the moribundo the you p enjuagues of mouth with williams or pepsi , according the demand .
to the guess already not the them getting your rate of sugar .
the death form part of what daily .
yesterday by the night you uses a beer the sr. x , that died in the soccer of the night .
this morning , your son the delhi the beer to the feet the inspired .
&quot; win both to the patients as to your beings loved &quot; , tracing paintings savard , beginning of the care .
in the centre victor-gadbois the days discussions without be never equal .
the side of a man of 94 years that saborea your last meeting family in the yard , well hotel between your almohadas while all haul to your health , a young of 36 years dies of form write , surrounded by your parents , your woman and your two children , after read tried all for survive .
&quot; since ago six months , always there of three to five beds top by people age of 45 years breast of cancer &quot; , the character the dra. christiane martel .
a 53 cent of the patients that are admitted in the centre victor-gadboisarrivent next of your home and a 47 cent the hospital .
problem the access to care clinics
a 77 cent of the canadian simply not has access to the care clinics , is say , to the care designed for alleviate the suffering when a ill top to the phase terminal of your life , may in your cards , in the hospital or in a centre of care .
and several bodies , as the centre victor-gadbois and the society of care clinics to cards the cardiff montréal , the especializan almost exclusively in the care of the patients with cancer .
is indian photo great breast relative in the care health of quebec what that ago that many doctors councils in care clinics farmer the adoption of a law that nice the euthanasia and the suicide attended .
since the month of october , a data signed by eminencias of the care clinics , as the dr. balfour mount and the dr. thomas lapointe , restrict for show your opposition to such initiative .
according the dra. christiane martel , the system health of quebec not is what enough competent as for save that anyone purchase right to care clinics of quality before of that the accepted proceed with the euthanasia .
&quot; recently &quot; , tracing , &quot; i seen to a patient pass 14 days in topical drama big headache without that the shipping fact what necessary for relieve .
fear that the patients command die only because not receive the care district &quot; .
and parallel , many oncólogos the obstinan with your patients date the last day , to despite of the worst revised .
the washington of survival of field richard were already under requirements when denver a treatment of chemotherapy trip .
&quot; when you amateur to my oncóloga that wanted en the treatment , she i said that you looked fast worth that like stop of co &quot; , tracing .
&quot; without however , h she i had said that not had nothing more that do h &quot;
not there care todopoderosos
the dra. martel believes that a 90 cent of the nutrition that ball die grateful to your carers that not them australian sorry in your calls a time the them has relieved your pain thanks to a team of care clinics .
but there that say that the care clinics not are absolutely todopoderosos in what that updates the treatment the pain .
according elsie monereau , beginning of the care clinics to cards of cardiff montréal , the patients not answer to the treatments against the pain in a 8 cent of the cases .
the end of the life , the medical pictures resort to the sedating egf , that engineering for ball the patient date the time of your abortions , already may of form sporadically or of form permanent .
not can pretend that not understand photo part the suffering .
each time more , the disease not reassured going to account the possibility of account photo sedating egf .
the nutrition that not are aliviados say all what same : &quot; i want die &quot; .
but that not post say necessarily &quot; want the euthanasia &quot; , but &quot; want that i alivien &quot; .
the commerce of this featured has been possible thanks to a grants of journalism of the institutes of research of health of canada .
escándalos promotional of great generously in quebec
officials of the network network , listed the btp , collector of funds of parties political and specialists of the mafia italian signature , day after day , what that know of a web &quot; system &quot; , the that form part the industry of the construction , officials , political , unionists and landing .
a &quot; industry &quot; that cameras too user to the taxpayers natives , on all in the years 1990 and 2000 .
&quot; hard amazing how the system the pulveriza a time we manager to the big media &quot; , ironiza jacques duchesneau , county in quebec and former head of the police of montreal .
frame lideró the outbreak the scandal in 2011 , that was possible thanks to a research to fund on the monies dies to contracts of road in quebec , that the first minister liberal of that time , jean charest , not had deceased more that in finding .
the &quot; report duchesneau &quot; frame a link direct between the industry , the funding nationals of the parties and the corruption between officials .
&quot; since the start of the research in 2010 , so only the ministry of transport the would saved thousand million of dollars in contracts &quot; , analysing some of your enjoyment of stay with a part proportional .
the committee charbonneau &quot; already has fact fall to two mayors &quot; , add , while expected power get to &quot; show the ploys existing behind of the individuals &quot; .
a unit permanent require , created in 2011
the unit permanent require , created in 2011 , the rated also with your team of controllers , researchers and analysts the government .
this unit works addition of the target of &quot; the maps marteau &quot; , that , since 2009 , have fact that the &quot; cartel the placing &quot; of montreal the modere to the hour of inflating contracts .
these latest weeks , the unit has mortgage the register in series of the allegations by fraud and corruption against posts municipal as frank zampino and richard marcotte , mayor of a city of the tanks .
the next of the list would savary vaillancourt , that just of resign of your cook of mayor of laval , third city of quebec .
the program that the has embolsado bombing bribery to change of contracts public .
the has charged formally to engineers of the network network of montreal and to listed of origin italian , as tony accurso and wales zambito .
this last has caused shock the explain to the committee the mechanics the &quot; system &quot; of obtaining of contracts public .
frame same paid during three years a 3 cent the value of the contracts results in montreal to a broker bound to the mafia that transfirió the money to version montréal , the party the mayor gérald tremblay .
m. zambito repartió money to wholesale and wholesale during the years 2000 , granting more of 88.000 dollars canadian de few 68.000 eur de to parties provincial , on all to the liberal in the power .
deed , equally , having organised a laptops of funds illegal for the ex-viceprimera sticker liberal , paintings normandeau .
the inflation the cost of the contracts of placing
in montreal , the &quot; system &quot; of corruption prove with effectively .
savary surprenant , exingeniero of works public , what explained perfectly face the committee : in ten years received gifts , inviting to travel , torneos of golf , restaurants , parties of hockey and bribery of companies the sector of the construction by a total of 736.000 dollars , all you to change of contracts of placing core costs flair .
other officials of the network network have admissions that received money by inflating the bill between a 30 cent and a 40 cent in concept of false extra .
addition , a inflated the party the mayor , martin dumont , rating to m. tremblay of having fact the view eye deliberately to a budget parallel and hear your coffers of money dirty .
to root of these revelations , m. tremblay delivery to principles of november and mission to montreal to a crisis huge .
chantal rouleau was a of the headlines policies listened of montreal that did sound the alarm .
as cresson the district of rivière-des-prairies , in the this of the island , the registers since 2010 to the sale of a ground municipal romantic by 5 million of dollars and revendido by 1,6 million to the movers in full boom estate .
the 70 cent the money of the campaigns election was money dirty
of the research that finally the analysis to carried , she symbols that remuneration &quot; of a edge for power advertise the operation the system , infiltrado by hormigas , for en the gangrena and fishing to the fame &quot; .
and add that the process is &quot; painful , but positive &quot; .
are holidays the cut but messages lack a unit of research clean in montreal and be very warning for that the practices dubious not the occur .
how do the cleaning .
regularly .
jacques duchesneau , by your part , sets that &quot; the officials have flash hundreds of million of dollars &quot; , but is inquieto on all by the paper of the &apos; &quot; political elected the federal of the typical &quot; .
estimando in a 70 cent the ratio of money dirty that the spent to the funding of campaigns election in quebec , ironiza : &quot; i have said that that not is more that a apology student of the reality &quot; .
the government quebequés proposed limit to 100 dollars the donations to parties , but that not change the donation , according him , &quot; while not the partially strictly the expenses election , o money dirty in the policy &quot; .
philosophical a review full the system of licensing of contracts public and of funding of the parties : &quot; not can fall more under categories go the fund of the things , with courage , us park rebuild the home with comments foundation more solid , with more controls and laws &quot; .
if this history clouds the image international of quebec and of montreal , m. duchesneau foot to those that the laughing to forgot the mirror .
&quot; h the psg not is the fc barcelona h &quot;
this season has romantic a new entity with the psg .
¿ how sensed that advance ?
the could explain by a photos of awareness individual , but also by the new dimension the psg .
have news big players .
avanzo of day in day to your side .
the personal technical also i has colour much .
and these elements i migration to file to raise the level of my game .
in a party , that is more easy .
all going very faster in the football .
but i not i acaloro .
since my beginning in the centre of preformación of inf clairefontaine date my step by saint-etienne , always i advanced to steps track .
going to obtain benefit of the competition reclutada by carlo ancelotti .
the recruitment of this summer are images to portugal parties of very high level .
know that each invariably is crucial .
that ago that a player as i purchase cork of co and help all .
by another part , carlo ancelotti i provided much in profile to my enabled .
is transformation by deputy as claude makelele , that jugaba in the same position that i .
¿ ancelotti is the man that plea the team ?
by course .
ancelotti ala respect to all the technical .
today by today , not there nobody mon in the league 1 and is between the best entrenadores privacy .
has a great experience and has won numerous titles with the best clubs .
has worked with big players .
think that the analysis other titles in paris .
in january editor a conversation very comforting with him .
i fresh of get of a series of injuries .
the trust that has in me explains also my good performance .
¿ what stock on the psg in the first part of the season ?
in the league 1 , lyon us has entering the cook of leader .
but keep in the ambush .
one of our maintenance objectives is the league of champions : us we counterfeit for the octavos of end with style .
¿ what is the goal the club in this australian ?
going to try of get what more far possible .
to date of now , can pass any thing .
but we much that say front to many and very good equipment privacy .
want , for start , bath the info of our league front the oporto for power receive the back of octavos of end .
¿ the psg can hot in a great club european to short term ?
already has the budget ...
for hot in a great club european , paris has that win titles and be results to long term .
today by today , that not is the case .
to level economic , the psg is submitted to your media for that that project the constantly .
not win the cup in the league 1 , as in the last season , ¿ huge a great failure ?
by course , would a great disappointment .
this year going to invest all our efforts in wisdom that title of champions .
in the last season not get far .
in may us corresponding a disappointment , already that plan with the conditions framing for classic info .
had a season mail .
coal with 79 points .
usually , with 79 points should having been champions ...
but another team , the montpellier , took a season quite best .
this year think that will the good .
even if the big equipment as the marseille , the lyon and the bordeaux tel by the title , think that score with the arms for llevárnoslo .
¿ believes that the media expect more the psg ?
is normal that skills much of us if round in what that the has shares in the players that we .
what we accepted completely .
after of that ganáramos 4-0 in home to troyes , that still the trouble with things that absence is a little frustrating .
us ask what more expected the people .
never shop win 4-0 all the purposes of week .
h not fan the fc barcelona h
try of set in electronics a project of game .
a team the build with time .
in the league of champions we shown that can reply and be present .
h look the manchester holder that , after two seasons , not has yahoo categories for octavos of end , and them also have shares personal h
in view of the sums appearance , watching imaginaríamos with 15 points of advantage to the adult .
that would colon to our adversaries and the championship of france .
lyon and marseille , that not were well the season previous , the have seen &quot; powered &quot; by this new psg .
that shows that the league 1 is topic .
hope that in may forum say with a mode that , to despite of all the difficulties , we ended llevándonos the shoe .
the psg seems completely dependent of the lyrics of coach coach .
best that keyboard that we a &quot; zlatandependencia &quot; .
that post say that coach is very competent and that card many scoring .
has feature for show that is the star of the league 1 .
and has shown in all the equipment by the that has last that is a great player , a star world .
in the group strike the man and the player .
and him also respects to the men that has to your around .
what that has fact is truly exceptional .
that enjoyment to the others to increase your level of game .
thiago da , one of the best searches the world , allows also that all move .
¿ how olivier lived the exemptions 2012 with the team of france ?
has been a disappointment .
was very submitted by participate in this exemptions .
unfortunately , my minor i prevented consecutively time of game .
saw things results and pretty tiger .
today achievement playing good parties in the dvd .
is what that expected since my baptism with the &quot; blues &quot; .
learn the lesson of what that institute in ukraine and to you the must that today monthly a sun sets .
¿ what vision windows the first month of didier deschamps the front of the &quot; blues &quot; ?
is performance results .
are well located in the group of classification for the world .
the seleccionador is spelling , near to the players e ala to win .
as was the case of laurent tunnel .
but not want do comparisons .
tunnel decree your goal of clasificarnos for the exemptions .
hope that didier deschamps naming to the dvd to brazil .
¿ the draw de 1-1 de the 16 of october in spain video for lay the foundation ?
that game us outlet trust .
each one peleó by all .
before of that shock in spain , not had lived a game nice in entire my career .
with bitcoin , pay and sell without banks
all what otherwise to the exchanges monetary current , object in the banks central , the transactions graves and the sharing of processing between the parts .
addition , as to often happens in the technologies , the vision policy is households : the conviction of that the system monetary current , ad of monopolies banking , leads to the crisis financial .
of fact , bitcoin , computer by satoshi nakamoto de a pseudónimo de , is to the time a currency virtual converted to dollars , eur , etc. and a protocol of change insurance to the way of bittorrent , that allows the exchange of files of mon to mon .
the have texas close of 200.000 transactions thanks to 15.000 computers of the network .
and close of few thousand websites web accepted the bitcoins as donations or as form of payment .
the share the bitcoin , after having news to the top of 30 dollars de 23 eur de in june of 2011 , fell to 2 dollars five months more pm , before of return today to haunt the ten dollars de the contributions the censan in the page bitcoincharts.com de .
not is nothing impressive if what compare with the changes wars in currency real or in products financial .
without however , the bank central european de ecb de the entertainment by him in a report on the coins online published in october .
in him , the described the bitcoin as &quot; the currency virtual with more success &quot; , &quot; that stream with the dollar or the euro &quot; and &quot; similar to the coins conventional &quot; .
bitcoin the difference of other systems with types of coins online as the &quot; credit &quot; , destination for move in a vídeojuego and that the can win playing or the can buy de e even in times canjear de .
the network social facebook developed also this type of system .
but in all exchange a authority central getting and about the changes .
with the bitcoin , all the nodes of network are to the time trustees of books of accounting , wondering , database of currency and seller and sellers .
¿ how works photo network ?
each transaction between two users the ago in reality between two directions electronic in form of email email .
a user can choose a address different for each payment , mineral so the volunteer .
a whole of hotels dies to this transaction the signature signature to through of a system of encryption to double key .
the network can so verify the authenticity of the transaction .
thanks the content the mens , is also possible save that the changes of bitcoins read in the book of accounts public , that the connects by entire the network .
the milestone key subscribe in write photo new transaction in that book .
this running by the resolution of a challenge mathematics discontinued to the computers and the winner , a species of banker central interim , will the privilege of add photo online supplementary .
the about of a phase of troceado of mens , is say , of transformation of a great mens in a al numerical more falls and single .
the computers &quot; mountain &quot; the new transaction and add a number before of &quot; trocear &quot; the whole .
the goal is find the number that vulnerability a al particular de more zeros the principle de .
a time that the features that number , the other nodes verifican easily that is the good .
the transaction the features then indestructiblemente orthodox to the chain of sets of the other transactions categories entire modification replaced the al .
if , for wikipedia a fraud , a user like pay two times with the same money very faster de in less of ten minutes de , the network only knew as valid a of the two transactions categories the another the stay huérfana , already that both they prints different .
the computer that tried the challenge the leads 50 bitcoins .
for avoid the inflation , photo reward the parts in two regularly , with likelihood before the end of 2012 .
the number of bitcoins in movement is , site , limited to 21 million , but are divisible date the cienmillonésimo , what that leaves a room pop .
the difficulty of this challenge the reveals also in each increase of the engine of simulation .
the life of the network has already your ups .
the websites web that p services for bitcoin have been attacked and the have flash bitcoins in deposit .
&quot; the failure used not affects the same protocol &quot; , symbols pierre noizat , that just of launch paymium , a company of payment in currency real that page the network bitcoin .
the ecb has in account addition the posted of blanquo of money thanks to this service anonymous .
but the money in retail cool the same bonus .
the players of weight as wikipedia undo the payments of this type .
other , as the platform wordpress , the accepted .
recently , eritrea shamir and dorit ron , the insitito weizmann in israel , plus the book of accounting and deaf that close the 80 cent of bitcoins not restrict .
in november the edinburgh the &quot; cheap giants &quot; .
&quot; the changed 30.000 dollars &quot; , the regocija jon holmquist , that philippines for coinabul , that becomes the bitcoins in gold .
pierre noizat , author of a book locked on photo currency , believes quite in the potential of this technology addition of in the network of transactions .
your system , paytunia , equivalent to a card of credit de in currency real de or to a payment by mobile without contact , but page bitcoin for validate the transactions , that so retail more cheap .
the representations , addition , variety your identity and can , by both , person in the volunteer .
the system is easy of set in electronics in the shop , that not they that installing new terminals p softwares .
them enough with supply a address that a phone can &quot; fotografiar and changes &quot; , writes pierre noizat , that symbols account thousands of users .
there a movement general of review of the systems superior by systems more horizontal .
&quot; vacuum lack a time for that bitcoin the fare , but in 2013 could having a change &quot; , predice .
by another part , in your report the ecb provides fridays the file various , today se higher , in case of that this currency purchase success .
we de of afghanistan .
¿ and after ?
the troops french abandoned your area of responsibility in afghanistan de kapisa and surobi de .
the nato and the american must get to purposes of 2014 .
is hour of that the army topics economics office of your territory and that the afghan choosing your future , without wait nothing of us .
we marriage on all to the publicity afghan , to the that we update terrorists .
and to us computers , with our 88 soldiers killed , more the injured and the teenagers .
the taliban signature with combinations foreign and old heads refugees in pakistan , but to often also with publicity that undo the presence the army abroad , as in the times of the clock .
want boy your traditions , ancient and arcaicas , even if to your causes the search the cocktail , the plot , the arab , the uzbecos or the tayikos .
tolerados , to times even helped by the insurgents local , items already not what toys when the western the switch more discreet .
the starting of the troops french of the base of nijrab , that roll since what high of the hill premium of almendros thanks to the credit french , the did by order .
the convoys of trucks and of tanks assad to kabul without suffer any attack , spotlight by the helicopters .
not o notes of taliban in kabul to date of end of 2014 .
the circumstances have changed since your advance irresistible between 1994 and 1996 .
kabul was then fill and the country slope in fire and blood to cause of the struggles between different extends .
your photos of control the country had been sorry as a species of release , the return to the security .
the afghan have paid the price the echoes of your publicity terribly by the organization al-qaeda , but your situation not is best today .
the celebrity muyahidines , the government current and the current taliban ending the wish of keep to the women in a position sellers .
the main personalities of the war antisoviética youths the power in 2001 .
the have become in merchant , lieutenant with tries distortion for revenderlos as oxygen for the refugees that have son of iran and pakistan , faults to the couple of huge contracts mortgage of outsourcing .
are desacreditados categories the most of them not have fought .
the people , according i heard in the field , feminism to a government that not sale sex by remaining .
many young want cork , as also the iran the that have respiratory business of the generosity american : the brain of capital is considerable .
the young are tired of the war and of your harbour .
have lived the world modern during your exilios in iran or pakistan and have stewart your advantages .
with around of a 65 cent of your population book of 25 years , kabul account now same with 5 million of inhabitants , a fifth part of the population total .
in the cities , the schools horizontal are pour both of girls as of children .
o that give work to these young that not reference return the echoes of the old parties p to the corruption of certain leaders .
all , including the opposition armed , are driven of mobile mobile . the tv and your folletines turks that hotels a world modern has big admirers in all the country .
the army is now present .
¿ the assessment legitimate the authorities that want address the country ?
the old indonesian of the fight antisoviética the customers already of ad the militias provincial , that huirán the power central .
afghanistan , country of mountains , of strong identities local , should power dvd of a certain decentralization to image of the nations western . without however , the states united what have associate turned in a state management , with a power band mail , seeks the cook the first minister that articles since the constitution of 1964 .
the president johnson not post the control abroad , in particular with g of the elections relevant in april of 2014 .
not however , your country depends of the help foreign since the years 50 e even before .
any industry has reestablecido your services , not the has integrated any embalse p the have noted the systems of irrigation important .
all is imported and not the division nothing except fruit and vegetables .
the priority the leaves to the initiative private .
in a country leone after 30 years of war , would been necessary the control credit .
the expandió the rumour of that afghanistan possessed gives uruguay overnight .
and that not did more that increase the mail of that the western were results for seizing of them .
without energy for lessons the mineral of iron or of copper the ground and without media of transport for hook to through of the mountains , not there hotels mining .
the chinese already almost have abandoned the mines of copper of month aynak , leaving that the exhibit international de funded by the bank world de excaven the capture site búdico and files there as the employers more important of the province .
vacuum also lack that afghanistan and pakistan , country the that depend length the imports and the exports , links your relations employee .
the troops french left the 20 of november .
the new treaty of cooperation provides the images of the aid traditional : schools of girls , schools of children , a department of french in the university , the institute french , the cooperation in the areas military , legal , health and lake and the support to the delegation resist .
since 2009 , with the subject of try &quot; winning the hearts and the ghosts &quot; and of non the impossible task of do that the help and the actions web coincidan , a service of &quot; actions civil and military &quot; the ministry of defence de cimic de , removed in 2012 , brought e did messenger to through of a small ngos french numerous jobs of interest collective and actions of rehabilitation agricultural in tens of lancaster of mountain .
these jobs , golosos of obtain available of n local , have shipping help to check the uprising : irrigation , wells , water clean , erosion , trees protein , protection solar and increase of wet of continued .
¿ what top as remember after two million of eur of expenses military ?
a budget more well modest fax to the improvement of the conditions of life local , very tough in these cheese located to often to more of 2.000 metres of height .
the embassy received tens of calls written with small proposals lake investment by communities local of the province of kapisa .
for that the released of the uprising provided to carried by the groups foreign , something that the farmers i have said that want , messages lack keep a small help civil , well controlled and that them comes directly .
a constitution with fórceps in egypt
is a new double or nothing the president vi morsi .
while that egypt is more divided that never in profile to the statement constitutional , that you gives provisionally powers scrum , him decided playing the all by the all .
residential to all the world by surprise the wednesday , when announced that the house assembly shadow your text end the day next .
ago so only a week , the head of state had given two months more to video house for bath your jobs .
and ago almost two years that egypt shop a text interim , several times amended , what that immune the stability institutional and leads to embrollos software .
this new initiative not has fact more that increase the foot in the country .
for your opponents , the president upheld in your &quot; delusion autocrático &quot; and continues &quot; convenient your word &quot; and &quot; trampling the right &quot; .
by part of your supporters , the symbols that the about of a measure for bath more faster with the crisis institutional and policy and speed the process of transition .
in the next 15 days should organized a referendum .
a span of time very short that specifications to the brothers to clients to your project of explain the text , article by article , to the egyptian .
for the president , the about also of a form of recover a herself popular and democratic while the lenses cause havoc in all the country .
vi morsi seems convinced of that the egyptian conservatives to your please , as workshop in a interview the weekly american aol .
sports that that resource the has voted with fast fast , contains a ultimatum for the p egyptian : &quot; or green my text or maintain the powers scrum &quot; , powers that perception audience to your end with the adoption of the constitution .
is in that environment strange in the that 85 member of this house assembly , islamist in your great most , directions the text yesterday .
the most of the liberal not turned to the notice .
to mid of november , a little before of the statement constitutional , had closed the door because considered that not port do show your points of view .
the representatives of the rights human , the minority religious and of the society civil did what same .
to end of that the pleasure the quorum necessary , yesterday by the morning the levelled to 11 people , member substitutes , to entire endangered .
some of them are very immediate to the brothers muslims .
as eve wait , the articles blue what have been by unanimously .
to the commentators them ago grace , by another part , the fact of that a of the few discrepancies of the adult the shipping expressed virtually to the hour of the prayer , both is so that several member the committee came to think that the fax of the assembly was bad .
the text , that yesterday pm was still post voted , version of 234 articles .
the article 2 , subject of all the spotlight , still post finally adding the of the constitution of 1971 , that horses that &quot; the principles of the sharia availability the source main the right &quot; .
the parties salafistas , for those the establishment of the law islamic is a transformation fundamental , trademarks that the gallery replace &quot; the principles &quot; by &quot; the standards &quot; , what that hot allowed a application more strict .
for the resulting , that this article not shipping been amended is a guarantee of your good will and of your respect towards the other components of the society egyptian .
the liberal what tachan of hypocrisy and feel that not the about more that of a sleight advertising .
according them , the khartoum of the constitution the ago to through of other articles .
the owners , in special , the article 220 , that print to the university al-azhar a paper brown , in particular for all time that shipping of confirm your item with the laws of the sharia .
according the surgeon in egypt sophie pommier , hard disturbing because &quot; the people call to anyone not is timing and not has any legitimacy democratic .
here detect the premises of a theocracy &quot; .
the fears of the liberal the see addition structural by the fact of that the next glasgow of video university would quite less moderate that the current .
&quot; by now , not there a involvement religious specific .
with this constitution are in the framework the state civil .
the most of the lawyers that have working in that text not are persian but university , some of them trained in the system french &quot; , explains alexis blouet , that arranged a submit on the transition constitutional egyptian .
but courtesy that can having certain ambiguity in graduate the article 220 , site the terms employees imitan the vocabulary religious .
&quot; us related in specific the term iqh &#91; cater islamic , ndlr &#93; .
and the question that could series in the future would in what measure are the judges civil competent for anyone by above of all this &quot; .
more beyond of your character religious , the text voted yesterday has received many criticism that the owners to the powers prevalent that print the president of the republic .
the brothers muslims alegarán that are few in comparison with the that pm during the previous regime .
another point contention : the powers theoretical the army .
accordance the wish of the military , the review the budget of defence not will angeles the parliament , but to a council national of defence .
either the antique the bundle of civil in courts military , as july the associations for the defence of the rights human .
these also deaf your concerns relating the text , that feel smoked .
the crime of blasphemy the keeps and , of now in forward , the abuse are prohibited , what that could smaller serious consequences for the freedom of expression , on all the of the press .
addition , any article societies the protection of the women , insert heba morayef , of watch watch watch .
according she , what single positive has been the ban of the torture of agreement with the article 36 .
the word not index in the constitution previous .
although the president egyptian card get yesterday by the night in the tv , the pilot gay for this noon .
the supporters the head of state the signals the saturday .
in israel , to the tourists sellers them expect the land holy , the experienced the world and a sea of knowing
the land land combine the taught of the truths bíblicas with the comfort modern and a prístina nature .
&quot; aif &quot; lighthouse the five reasons more important by the that the must center israel .
reverencia in the land holy
browse the worth center the river jordan where jesus was soup .
the believes that anyone that joining in this &quot; battery bautismal &quot; dealer the grace western .
and galilee , the place of the miracles of jesus : the conversion of water in wine in the wedding , walking on the waters , the reliability of the storm and the networks teem .
in this same place , jesus der face your disciples after of the christ .
but the dvd amount of places timothy the features in jerusalem .
the believers distances here the viacrucis or the road of the cross of jesus de in read &quot; track synthesis &quot; de .
begins in the rated of antonio , the pretorio , where the october the trial , and continues by the streets of the city old , going the survived sepulcro in the mount gólgota , the place of the crucifixión , to the stone of the unción and the place of ancestors of jesus .
in this same place the features also the experienced dating symbolic the world , that painting the salvation of the humanity .
and the monastery of the holy cross in jerusalem , built in the place where , according a los christian , had a tree the that the did the cross for the crucifixión of jesus .
in jerusalem the features also the place more sacred for the jews , the wall of the wailing categories the rim of a temple destroyed by the romans in the year 70 dc .
as is tradition , people of different religions leaves here scales with your best , that then the abstract reality .
non a trip vertical
the ruins of the rated masada was what that delivery of a shelter secret against the enemies , that joseph the largest message build in the year 25 to . c. for your family .
the condition in the acantilados of mountain to a height of 450 mg on the level the sea .
and get date there by your own media , only can those that the devoted to the escalation .
the others can get to this summit historic in the funicular .
and in the north the country to a altitude of 1600-2040 mg the features the n station of ski hermón , where in the months of winter there a great notes of tourists .
date there , since the foot of the hill the p services of bus .
the length total of the forth of ski is of 45 km.
according a former los , in the top of the mountain perception habitaban gods paganos .
center museums ones
in this country there around of 300 museums .
in a only trip not podrás cross all .
but browse the worth center by what less five of them , the more interesting .
between them is the museum of israel , prayer close of the sign de parliament israeli de .
in him the eighteen the old dealers the sea dead or rollos of qumrán , discovered in the mounting the desert of judea , and around of 500 thousand pieces archaeological and antropológicas .
browse the worth center the museum of art in tel tel .
in your exposure of paints account with lienzos of impresionistas and expresionistas such as jean , pissarro , renoir , cézanne , sisley , matisse , modigliani , guillaume or pablo .
in acre the can center the museo-baño the basha , that are some rooms of old season turks with restrictions model of visitors and bathers of generic king .
in cesarea browse the worth pass by the exclusive museum private ralli , where the can fingers the sculptures of rodin and dalí .
there not there guides tour p stores of suvenires .
the entry is free , and categorically not the accepted donations .
the fifth , the museum the holocaust or dc dc in tel tel , co a of the pages more dramatic of the history .
the section more write is the memorial of the children , built in memory of the 1,5 million of children killed in the camps of concentration and the cameras of gas .
entras in him and fee expands in keyword darkness .
the stars brillan .
and hypocritical the names of the children jews and the names of the countries in the that lost the life .
ukraine the featured also .
health
the three main areas attracting of israel the condition to lake the sea mediterranean , the sea red and the sea dead .
in each one of them there pools , parks depth , delfinarios and museums oceanográficos .
is amazing that in the sea red the bathing even in the months of winter , already that the temperature the water not low of the 21 degrees and the air the tropical date the 23 degrees .
the sea dead is still more hottest and there the lakes during all the year .
by page , this sea , the more sent in the world , the features in the point more under the planet : to 417 mg under the level the sea .
the waters blue of there are a knowing that easily records date to the that not know swim .
the costa of the clinics are truly beautiful .
the people top here for pass courses of treatment with water salt , knowing and barros surgery and fortificar your health in cases of photographs , allergies , asthma , eczema , artritis , bronchitis , diabetes and for set in order your breached exam .
tocando the mysteries of the old
the retains the part former of tel tel , the sacrifice of jaffa , in the coast mediterranean .
by she guidelines the n map maritime that unía egypt , syria , anatolia and mesopotamia .
the city is base in the ancient myths greek and egyptian .
according account the los , was here where ark built your ark and perseo rescued to the wonderful andrómeda with anyone , in this same place , mission a long and happy life .
to the tourists them love wander by the links streets that table the names of the sign the zodiaco .
say that if tocas the walls in the street of your &quot; same &quot; symbol , the fortunate fee will college .
in jaffa the can find couples of baby tree ​ ​ that forth of all parts of israel , e even of other countries for fotografiarse .
and in cesarea , the city the king joseph , the can wander by the theatre roman , &quot; estate &quot; the rated of the sit .
in the king roman , cesarea was the city main of judea and the residence of the procuradores romans , including pilate pilate .
the theatre , categories heritage , the page now for concerts flights and entertainment of opera .
tourists remember
if travel to israel , not the worry if your english leaves much that desired : in this country around the 30 cent of the population version russian .
the money for this trip not is genuine table in eur , but in dollars , that can be easily cambiados to shéquels de currently 1-3 $ , 8 shéquels de .
the transport urban the consists mainly the bus , but in jerusalem there tram faster and in haifa the features the single online of tube the country , that version of six plus and connects the city low with the city high .
in reality , is of a funicular park .
travel in any type of transport public costs 6 shéquels and by this price the can travel doing transbordo during 1,5 hours .
in israel , according the tradition jewish , the lottery the friday the sabbat .
since the night the friday date the release the sun the saturday , markets and stores close and the transport public broke your work .
but the sunday by the morning starts a new week index .
in many hotels , restaurants and hotels only the engineering food kosher , that excludes meat of pork , shell , fish without escamas and dishes in the that the combining milk and meat .
there the offers a range dvd of dishes to base of meat of farm and ear , curriculum and postres ready with milk of villain , the traditional cream hebrea call hummus , great variety of sauces , the faláfel , that are balls of garbanzo molido , fruit and vegetables .
in the streets of the cities israeli not the see dogs stray .
in change , there many cats well label that &quot; the roam to your lived &quot; of way tremendous .
by the night finish trusts sleep even on the ceilings of the cars aparcados .
to the ronroneadores them crazy the places concurridos and not undo the spraying .
the rent of a car , depending of the brand , cost of 37 $ de hyundai getz de to 188 $ de audi a6 , volvo s80 de the day .
addition the insurance , that enter by 15 $ the day .
and the rent of a bicycle you original by 15 shéquels the day .
the tickets to the museums cost a average of 30 shéquels .
israel in figures
in 2012 dispatching israel more of three million of tourists of all the world .
the most of the that papers to go the country and courier pm citizens of ee.uu. , russia , france , germany , italy , uk uk and ukraine .
the land land , of january to october 2012 , was visited by 118,8 thousand tourists sellers , amount that exceeds in a 51 cent the same index the year 2010 , before of the settlement the regime of visa ​ ​ the 9 of february of 2011 .
&quot; the largest and powerful &quot; fee analysis date moscow : immigrants savers for the language
while members and searches of the rights human statute on the consequences that bring the law on the examination mandatory , already have appeared in the country con that buy with certified &quot; false &quot;
each year , 13 million of workers immigrants sizes to moscow , san st and other cities of russia .
in your most are citizens of countries of asia central : uzbekistan , tajikistan and turkmenistan .
your single goal is win money for help to your families that the have carrier in home .
since the 1 of december windows in force a law , according the home each require index left non a examination for check your knowledge of the language russian .
by now , this rule is applicable only for those that homes the print of work in the sector of provision of services , institutions of services community , services pet and trade the by book .
without however , with the time , as turns in the service federal of immigration , the examinations the abstract detectors for all the immigrants .
addition , not will enough with dark the examination of the language , if not also the of history russian and the of sound of the legislation .
the knowledge of the language the left confirm even for receive and renew the permission of work .
are exception the citizens of the countries where the russian is the language official .
not employee code to this law the people that holder obtain your certified of education and qualifications before of the dissolution of the union soviet in 1991 .
nice , melancholy and defence of the rights
the network of centres examiners running auspices by the institute of language russian pushkin , the university of the friendship of the peoples , the university ohio of moscow , the university ohio of san st and other institutions of education higher russian .
the immigrants able tell to the evidence in all the cities , now same in russia are open more of 160 centres of this type .
the initiative on the introduction the examination was supported by the members of the duma ohio and by the service federal of immigration .
but the searches of the rights , much before of that the law register in force , holder many times do this question to the press : ¿ and what add this in reality ?
¿ what changes weather the register the knowledge of the language , both for the russian as for the own immigrants ?
in first place , answer the representatives the service of immigration , this park reduce the number of people that suffer &quot; slavery index &quot; .
fast people version today on the defence of the rights of the immigrants labour , explains prince sebelev , head of the representation the service federal of immigration of russia in tajikistan .
the defence of your rights must cartoon before of your starting .
only a system of dvd organised park sorted the problem of the workers immigrants in a 90 cent of the cases .
the problems the they the immigrants without profession , education , the that not know the language p front the control doctor .
without the understanding of the language , phone sebelev , the future require the deliveries convicted to find people without unscrupulous that , with the capturing of help , you pains a &quot; viajecito paid &quot; to a infants and close covacha , where him and dozens of other as him the consume during months without food p documents , working of 12 to 14 hours the day .
received a en of complaints of our immigrants .
&quot; in your homeland them turns a thing , but the get are deceived , the them elementary of your barrier , not them paid the wages desperately &quot; , confirms the head of the address of immigration index the service of immigration of tajikistan , tolib ruslan .
h not the enoje , jefecito h
without however , while both many citizens of the republics of asia central that want work in russia maps that not only not know the language the country the that seek go , but that addition in your language own write with difficulty .
by course , this not is both your fault but your own et : are few the mongolia , uzbecos , tayikos that custom buffer the luxury of receive education primary normal .
this the must to that your families even not they nothing that give of feed to the children , by not talk already of vestirlos , calzarlos and comprarles what necessary for the school .
the get to the adolescence , these page the equation to work to the first opportunity .
is hard , if not the estate the language , maps them .
&quot; one the feel scott e sellers &quot; .
without however , in what that the park to the law on the language , the searches of the rights guarding a point important .
the examinations the novel to carried only for those immigrants whose status may legal .
if not they that status , not o p examination and , in result , any work official .
while both , the most of the workers immigrants diet chicken in russia illegally .
&quot; welcome or pet the step to strangers &quot;
many visitors participants that receive the status official in our country not is so easy .
the cause is in the obstacles verification and in the difficulties of the language in yes .
addition , the designer costs money : of twelve thousand to sixteen thousand rublos .
without however , a register false the can do quickly and by only thousand sister rublos .
the employees of the police russian know that generally corresponding documents false , not are reserve and copies the cases of extortion .
&quot; us ring hundred or uruguay rublos for cigarettes or tea &quot; , victory to the journalists the citizen of tajikistan , umed hushkadamov .
&quot; going , not ethnicity tacaño , shopping a paint &quot;
the first day of the entry in force of the law on the language , the data of data that not only the documents of register of immigrants can be false .
several certified &quot; false &quot; of knowledge of the language already have been fake by officials the service federal of immigration .
the documents fake had been printed in impresoras standard of colour .
by course , came to the hands of the new owners not as gift : each require , queriéndose facilitate the task of pass the evidence , paid by the document seven thousand rublos .
this is two times and environment more user that the procedure official of examination , that cost the worker require three thousand rublos .
the main task for a future next is protect the system against the corruption for that the &quot; qualifications &quot; not the custom buy , convergen the officials the government and the searches of the rights .
date the time , the authorities can houses to the workers immigrants that not yards shipping pass with success the examination the first time more time for send the ongoing basic of the language .
addition , to the immigrants that not translate russian the them offer jobs that not require media active with the people .
the ministry the internal not photos measures injury against the trade illegal of arms
the percentage of crime committed with arms registered is quite small
the ministry the internal proposed apply the law with dvd rigid in relationship to the owners of arms of use civil .
this is the reaction the government face the recent incidents : apretar shots during festivities of weddings in the that by bob not shop victims , and the videos generated by the lawyer branch guillaume vinográdov , in the that apretar seven people lost the life .
the police post cruise the use and the office of arms traumatic in places public and raise the age minimum for the obtaining of licence for portar arms , of 18 years to 21 years .
this idea was supported by the summoned the committee of the duma in engineering of security and fight against the corruption , irina yarovaya , anyone promised that the reforms in the law on the office arms toys drug to the duma the state in a future next .
not all the feel happy with the fact of that the authorities russian jazz trying of counter this problem temporary the &quot; policy of available test &quot; .
in the network has appeared a letter open , core authors , representatives of various organizations social of competitions , photos that the india of such measures of &quot; rigurosidad without sense &quot; .
the percentage of acts of sporting with use of arms registered is minimum , victory the service of news bbc of russia , the lawyer criminalista vasiliy lésnikov .
according statistics the ministry the internal , during six months the year 2012 the macedonian 142 crime with use of arms of fire registered in forum the internal , front the total of 1168 crime registered for this same period .
the authors of the letter open are insurance of that a legislation more strict in the sector of arms of use civil not will a inconvenience for that the certificates the contribute the market black .
now , according your words , in moscow the can find any weapon to under price .
while both , in the ministry the internal the phone that the situation of the proliferation of arms illegal the features under control .
providers : since factories date official
the market black of arms the clinic to through of several channels .
the channels main are years , says the colonel returned prince baranets , anyone during ten years worked in the ministry of education and in the high state dvd .
caught of screen the site web that deleted orders of arms
the first , &quot; ruler the faction or military &quot; , is say , the arms that were cards during the actions military in the caucasus .
&quot; the arms were hurtadas by the official russian and by the computers caucásicos &quot; , says baranets .
the next type of &quot; weapon black &quot; , the cards by criminals and representatives of the forces of security .
baranets explains that here the include the arms hurtadas of the stores of the police and elementary cards directly by officials of the forum of compliance of the law .
the arms illegal retail to the sale since the arsenals military .
in many arsenals military to often had explosions .
&quot; there versions allegations of that some fire were damages premeditadamente for top the lack &quot; , observing a exmilitar .
according baranets , the manufacturers of arms also viagra your bit of bit .
&quot; now have proliferating factories private of arms that not are competitive in the market international and medication arms under blues the market black , including the of moscow &quot; , says the expert .
a source more the market black is the smuggling .
great amount of guns and rifles survey of countries poor as kyrgyzstan .
&quot; there signature with your own production , to times notions , and the has sex a mafia that has organised the flow of arms &quot; , explains the ex military .
¿ of where forth the arms ?
the experts have calculated what is the participation wanting of each a of these sources of supply of arms illegal the market black .
a report on this subject was maps in 2011 by the centre of analysis of problems and planning of the management public .
the specialists plus reports the ministry the internal and of rosstat , bibliografía criminológica and data of access public of blogs whose tackling graduate in graduate to the arms .
the great most of the arms illegal , according the researchers , survey of the forces release and of the forces of security .
the half of the arms the market black has news there &quot; by fault of officials whose work is related with the arms &quot; , the says in the report .
according the researchers , the 17 cent of the arms survey of places where there conflicts armed , the 14 cent of the cases the monies during the production of arms and the 5 cent guide to the &quot; site illegal &quot; .
the dependent of a of the stores of arms , that asked that your surname not coat mentioned , says that the arms conflicting by excavadores illegal not the shopping nobody since ago already much time because are too adding .
more to often , says , the providers the encounter to stores military when need a starting .
to through of some alférez , the supplier shopping a unit , by example a pistol tt .
the laid the register and the front by above of the wooden .
&quot; enter leads the weapon to the city and the sold to 900 eur by unit with two chargers &quot; , us account
&quot; but , clear , the police this the both of all the affairs , so that updated , when there that comply the plan of discovery of crime , center shopping of test to the dealers of arms illegal &quot; , add the dependent .
&quot; as in a boutique of luxury &quot;
the seller and the seller pictures map to through of known .
&quot; visited pages web and blogs date that a type that i proposed that outside to the platform &quot; begovaya &quot; , where request a man that i engine to a &quot; esquinita &quot; where could negotiate .
the price the weapon , i trouble only there &quot; .
comentarista military johnson baranets
&quot; for get a weapon help a friend that purchase contact &quot; , says the dependent of the shop . &quot; i a friend so , but not trust much in him &quot; .
in the markets there sellers , but there also the has that get , keyboard &quot; of part the sr. ivanovih , that asked that you told that the you had fallen a teeth to your daughter &quot; .
even can get a couple of manoplas of steel to through of a person of trust .
frame also i the supplies only to me because estate that not you shall to delatar .
the worry photo arms of different ways .
the ex military johnson baranets the data to test in the paper of seller of arms illegal to mid of the years 1990 , when the gallery to post a article on this subject .
the frames , according your words , not have changed .
you airliner a album of photos where not had &quot; of all &quot; .
&quot; i felt as in a boutique of luxury &quot; , reminds the military .
the seller , according words of baranets , not you p ride by ride : all what that there the can prove .
i , as customer potential , not only toys categories going with the seller the forest , where washington a white .
&quot; i provide the opportunity of messenger and when i portfolio of that the weapon definitely well , began to negotiate &quot; , describes the procedure the expert .
shop of televisions
the engine of search web gets to websites and groups of &quot; vkontakte &quot; , where the offers buy arms &quot; for different argument &quot; .
for this not the required any document p sports personal .
&quot; is enough account a certain amount of money &quot; , write in the titulo the senior advertising &quot; buy a pistol or a dog &quot; .
there the users gift your orders and viagra questions .
¿ and viagra to age of age ?
&quot; without permission , by course &quot; , question the user &quot; iván &quot; de correct conservada de .
&quot; toys pistol tt . moscow &quot; , lacónicamente contest your question &quot; fedorenkov &quot; .
the service federal of security has created a huge network of websites web bosses and caught to two hands to those that want buy arms of fire .
and the people going , as en hungry towards the flash , and then , to lessons coal in siberia
comentarista military and exmilitar johnson baranets
i heard talk of these systems : by what general , the site web is texas outside the scope of the laws russian .
the people ago the orders .
the seller piece the payment to through of a cash automatic .
&quot; in reply , you send a photo and the instructions for that parent where is hidden the weapon &quot; , tracing the secretary of press of the ngos &quot; the right to the arms &quot; , ambulance kislov .
johnson baranets phone that if the ago a asked in online , one the go without weapon and what stuff in the prison .
the service federal of security has created a huge network of websites web bosses and caught to two hands to those that want buy arms of fire .
&quot; and the people going , as en hungry towards the flash , and then , to lessons coal in siberia &quot; , phone him .
makarov by 100 dollars
in the shopping of arms of fire illegal , according the experts , one the can spend of 100 to 900 dollars .
according ambulance kislov of the ngos &quot; the right to the arms &quot; , a pistol makarov the can customer by 100-300 dollars .
the left wait a month and environment .
is posted since the stores military by the heads of senior environment .
of agreement with the statistics official the ministry , in comparison with the period enero-octubre of 2011 , the number total of these crime in russia the decreased in a 7 cent , what that x 22.900 , and the number of cases identified of theft and extortion of arms , cluster , explosives and preservation explosives diminished in a 7,8 cent .
the viagra in strike the employees of restaurants of food quick and ordering in ee.uu.
date a quarter part of teenage mortgage condition your info jobs as cash in &quot; mcdonald &apos; lloyd &quot;
in the last days , in the states united the has started a wave of protests against the low wages that the paid in the ordering of the corporation walmart and in restaurants of the popular providing of food quick , such as &quot; mcdonald &apos; lloyd &quot; , &quot; burger luther &quot; , &quot; taco bell &quot; , &quot; wendy &apos; lloyd &quot; and &quot; kentucky fried chicken &quot; .
by now nobody the client to count if news or not this wave to the nine points , or if has aimed lose forces and amansarse in your headlines stages .
the actions of protest signature with the support of the news and of a series of ngos of left .
addition the increase of the modest wages noticed by the workers of walmart and the the system of food quick , the goal of the organizers of the protests is the creation of news of workers in these companies .
by now , this sector of the economy virtually not has been subjects by the movement deals .
¿ total and six cents the year ?
the actions tools the week week , after the day of action of thanks , the called &quot; friday black &quot; . that day , in states united coomenzaba the orgy of cheap that categories to million of inhabitants , and that to times tim accompanied of breaking .
that day , some workers of the corporation walmart , that frequency to 2,2 million of people in the world , abandoned your posts of work and formaron guards of protest along to the news and activists of left in the stores of the corporation , core products the encounter to people of income modest and correct .
walmart sold of all , since pañales , rifles of hunting and batteries for cars , date aspiradores , eggs and milk .
the products in your stores are of average between a 8 cent and a 27 cent more cheap that the of the ordering more big .
is by that that many workers bad lowest of walmart buy only in the work .
the availability and the provided of products have fact of walmart a of the selection more big of editor .
according the words two critical , walmart can software the luxury of sell products to very under price , in part because paid little to your workers .
these last also the complain of the bad conditions labour , such as the lack of montacargas or scanners of available .
that &quot; friday black &quot; the participants of the demonstration censorship the increase of wages and the complained of that the cost the insurance of health provided by the corporation institute of 30 to 100 dollars dm .
for a worker typical of walmart , that weekly 9,5 dollars by hour , this spending is excessive , said .
scientists of the university of california in berkeley argue that if walmart increases the calendar environment date 12 $ by hour , this you cost to the corporation 3,2 provides of dollars .
this is approximately a 1,1 cent more of what that spent in wages now .
if walmart cart the enjoy wage in the shoulders of the consumer , each visit to the shop them finished only 46 cents more user .
in a year them ordinary the ridiculous amount of 12,39 dollars more of what that compare now .
the supporters of walmart spread satisfied that the protest took place so only in nine states and that not horrible any loss to the corporation .
the &quot; friday black &quot; the cleaning in your stores since the 8 of the pm the thursday date the midnight the day next and , during that time , walmart marketed around of 5000 articles by second .
in total , your boxes sterling comments the &quot; friday black &quot; almost 100 million of transactions .
the representative of the company , provide fogelman , declared in a interview the site web of left huffington post , that red your cook of work &quot; less of five &quot; employees of walmart and that the protest not had been more that &quot; another trick of relations public &quot; , organised by the seconded of workers .
&quot; h box free h &quot;
the protests continued this week in new york , in the that the objectives not pm indian the big stores walmart de that in this college city not them they love , and by that by now not there none de , but the &quot; mcdonald &apos; lloyd &quot; and other restaurants cheap .
h mcdonald &apos; lloyd says that sold thousands of million of pieces , and then p even fee volvo the low by disease and not fee paid by your work honest h
jumaane williams , member the council municipal of new york
currently , of agreement with the law federal and the of new york , the calendar minimum is of 7,25 $ by hour .
the restaurants of food quick what van mount with the time , but only slightly , and of average , the workers cover receive in new york 8,90 dollars by hour .
nobody winning less that them in this city .
how is possible survive in new york with that money , for me is something understandable .
shop a time when almost the quarter part of the teenage mortgage slovenia by the mcdonald &apos; lloyd and worked there , behind of the notices , to time partial after of the school , although still bit with your parents .
few pm the that pretended this as the main source of income or planearan stay there much time .
now , constantly tropiezo in some interviews with workers of mcdonald &apos; lloyd that the complain of that they that live of this calendar , and to times even adam to your children .
by another side , in a forum of the magazine journal journal journal there a comment whose author com that is irresponsible account children if not estate with what give of feed .
the participants in the protests , that tools to the 6 : 30 of the morning the thursday in the mcdonald &apos; lloyd of the 40th journal and madison avenue , censorship that to the cash and cooks of food quick the them scheduled to pay by what less 15 $ by hour , or may , that the them double your calendar minimum current .
also censorship that in the sector of the food quick the feelings news of workers .
the law of the ee.uu. battery to the administration meaningful this right and identified to the activists the movement deals with tricks and firing .
by another part , rarely time the administration them managing the life .
but , by reasons maximum , is easy that the news abarquen the sector of food rápid .
a of the main is the placing rotation the personal .
discordantes
ruidosas protests pool place that same day in other restaurants cheap of manhattan .
the completion of the action took place to half the rally in the mcdonald &apos; lloyd prayer close of york square , in the that conferences several political democrats local , in particular the member the council municipal of the city jumaane williams , that said : &quot; mcdonald &apos; lloyd says that is derivatives thousands of million of pieces , and then p even fee page a hospital p fee paid by your work honest &quot; .
the demonstrators received the support of other leading democrats of new york , by example the candidate to mayor of the city garage of blasio , that said that &quot; we support to the workers the sector of food quick for that forgetting receive wages fair and the prosperity economic that the worth each neoyorkino &quot; .
as what described the newspaper york york york , this has been the dvd demonstration of this type in the history american of the food quick .
but in she conferences only few few hundreds of people , even not all them pm employees the service of food quick , in the that trabakan tens of thousands of people of new york .
still not is clear if this homework of lit for wind a movement transportation .
&quot; by now , kid the brain not hard so easy &quot;
the subject of the reality workload , so popular between the sports to the technologies modern , topical the fatigue with usual mainly to through the prism of glasses special .
to early the summer , in your conference annual google framed a model in movement and subsequently , in november , the rape that microsoft had submitted also a request for extinction the correction patent .
without however , of a conversation with the head the group of technology interactive 3d in the laboratory of microsoft of cambridge , izadi sharamom , the dilucidó that for the scientists of video company , the glasses already couples to a stage week .
to them them becomes the perspective of the handling of items online in the air with the hands naked and the creation of spaces online open .
- by please , in terms general , ¿ what is the subject of study of your group of research ?
- us gallery to the interaction persona-ordenador , but addition try of expanding the limits of this interaction .
by now the humanity in your great en has carrier trapped in the stage of work with the píxeles of the screen flat , to times the file with the finger .
but us want look 5-10 years forward and guess the changes scattered in this interaction .
by example , the video xbox and the sensors kinect represent a step forward and today in day any xbox the sold without kinect , already that to all them interested the control by slap .
- ¿ what more us evaluate the future ?
- to despite of that kinect has workshop the interaction the level check , great part of view still happens in a screen flat , to times in 3d .
the introduction of information has processing de the system weekly more data de , and the exit still not is very good .
are trying of change this , work in systems of nigh truly tridimensionales , object ​ ​ in different technologies , including the of design .
the must free the world of the guides the our , the check , do more tangible .
for this , without however , is necessary changes not only the user , but also the space that what related .
then shop complete the world real with items online of a form more comfortable .
in first place , h the dragon with these stupid helmets of reality virtual h
- ¿ what stock you on the control by voice ?
a detail very popular , but ¿ not believes that what sobreestiman ?
- clear that not the you can compare a holders , go edge of sorted the issue of privacy , already that not always the post that the others the redundant of our actions e intentions .
of fact , all the types of interaction with colleges are good , but each one in your own field .
by example , for the control of devices in places public , had a project in the that round in the slap , but not in movements loose , but more showing .
addition , the slap pm cry not by the house the device , but by a fax that figure the movement of the bone and the muscles .
by now is very largest , but in theory can be small the size of a fax of fax .
but , in general , the future is for a type combined of control , by example of pat r voice .
- ¿ how is that ?
- by example , ¿ how i assist you that you complaint this ha of soda ?
you shall and the show the same time .
- usually i only gene .
- oh , that going to be very hard of changes .
- ¿ or may , you post includes to the users to adapt to what that can or not can do in this time the machine ?
- not necessarily , but is a time mutual .
think that in a future next going to account that work mainly in the design of new types of sensors that custom determine with accuracy the reactions of the person .
these can be , by example , sensors laser , already that michael a good resolution in depth , what that is very important .
- if talk of your work with the sensors of xbox kinect , ¿ what complaints has you of the cameras modern ?
¿ them lack resolution , depth or something more ?
- in principle , the generation current is what that can be the start of our work with the credit tridimensional .
by course , would good obtain 8 megapíxeles to the speed of 1000 fps .
but the issue not is in the megapíxeles , but in the quality of the subsidiary and in the depth .
since this last point of view , all the technologies current not are what enough good for us categories this page more work to the designers of algoritmos .
or may , that we that remember not only the resolution in the themes x e and , but also in z.
also is important the speed , the number of tables by second .
the movements human are quite dynamic and the current of 30 fps are truly scarce , on all for the slap .
steven bathiche , of our laboratory in redmond , did a sensor of contact with retardo ajustable of processing of 1 to 100 ms and compare mention that the modern sensors locally in series are more close the second value de 60-100 de .
not all the world see in what measure this affects to the interaction hombre-máquina .
to me i would very useful for my work a equivalent of such device , but that not database contact for that the tables by second design more .
- ¿ and not is necessary increase the number of cameras ?
- the kinect has now three &quot; cameras &quot; , a of the computers is of fact the optional of rays laser and the second the recipient of the sign met .
but the third house is in reality a simple sensor the diapasón visible .
list not the page for determine the depth the subject .
dvd , more amount of cameras could sorted the problem ...
or the otherwise , increased and struggle the amount required of hall .
would good create a prove flexible of kinect , playing with the curvature of location of the cameras and see how this affection to determinr the position tridimensional .
- by what that i remember , microsoft , to difference of google , not has submitted your glasses the public .
¿ not you seems that , since the point of view the use file of technologies of reality workload , the glasses are a of the platforms more signs ?
- by course , pass all the pink quo in high a phone intelligent in the hands , not is very comfortable , but i think : the best option would a reality workload &quot; transmutable &quot; when , in base of a platform of cloud , you could pass of the glasses the phone intelligent ,
the glasses are devices very personal , in that is your force de the things private only you able see de , but also your weakness : a reality workload diet in glasses not you park work on items online along with other people .
- imagine by a time that the handling of items holográficos online in the air is available not only for tony stark of the film &quot; iron man &quot; , but also for any simple deadly .
there a problem in this idea that the critical pictures out : h not there reply táctil h
h the hands not feel nothing h
¿ what answers arranged your group for this challenge ?
- in my conferences to often say that the reality workload is the seventh timothy in the interaction between the man and the machine .
think that the eighth well could be the addition of sensations táctiles .
while both , one of the noticed more interesting is the use of the second available in quality of medical for the image .
h shipping the identified perfectly h
but there also technologies that are truly win to department tangibilidad to these &quot; pictures in the air &quot; . by example , the interference of several rays ultrasónicos targeted to a point specific where the features the finger page a feeling similar to the that one feel if someone student soplándole in the yemas of the attitudes , but photo feeling still is very weak .
there also pulseras for the wrist that gifts in the terminaciones nerviosas of the attitudes , this also a address promising .
- ¿ has treaty of kid the brain ?
¿ counter think that him feel what that seems that should patterns in the time in that software something ?
- photo is a good idea , still not what we tried .
here the shopping another challenge with the that address that co during much time , how do that a person physically kansas in a space very small creates that going to a space open , almost without end . are working also in the idea of the audio of ink de not as the of the sports de , platforms mobile , so as the of the flair giants .
by now , kid the brain not hard so easy , still there that work during many years .
that is what that ago version the work with the reality virtual for the researchers , that many things the condition in a state of total yours .
lived personal policing in place of culture - rosbalt.ru
&quot; rosbalt &quot; continues the project &quot; vanguardismo of san st &quot; , dedicated to the citizens that the condition front , to the lead the art and of the culture .
in this list of the best the condition highlights restrictions the art and the scene of san st , core achievements sizes more beyond of the city : to often condition credit in europe without that russia the knows even .
the new hero of &quot; rosbalt &quot; is the extravagante artist kirill miller .
entire the city gifts to kirill miller , a man barbudo clothing of red of top logic , the that the can find close the museum russian , close the garden of summer or in meetings of fashion e inauguraciones .
the tables of kirill miller always big to multitudes , where wants that the notices .
kirill miller is one of these cuentistas purely sociofilósofos of san st , dealers of new mitologías .
kirill miller is a brilliant representative the vanguardismo of san st of end of the 80 - principles of the 90 .
addition , is a man urban , whose appearance in the streets of the city run in the inhabitants smiles and dawn to all the state of frame .
recently , took in your hands a organillo and the became in the organillero of san st , already that has grown for do so hard paper , by your existence bohemia , your philosophy and your image .
- kirill , ¿ by what mary by the city clothing of red and not of yellow or turquesa , by example ?
- elegí the colour red because am leather of fashion and i drink to the subscribe and to the image .
in this world , the colour red is a file between the artist , the dealers of pictures and the society .
although in the society , all what that not may a little grey emotions aggressively and equity of properties nothing good .
but my provocations are designed to that the professional a conversation .
entire the history of my actions provocativas are a invitation the discussion .
- ¿ items comprendiste that debías be artist ?
- in a exposure the palace of culture nevsky , where the flags my jobs .
i di account of that that was my road .
then the wave of celebrity artists not official had ended , and the new , free as i , pm still incomprendidos .
i called friend of artists of the new wave , with the site to the that the bundle in gaza and nevskiy , that mission to &quot; pushkinskaya-10 &quot; , and already the cold the new wave .
i sumí in the theatre by the clothes , the music of all the mixing , but not by the f .
- and all this the juntó in your clinic of art ... - for me was important flight in the centre cultural of san st , where the assigned innovative the best minds creative .
in 1995 , dutch a territory in pushkinskaya-10 and there , while not had reforms , shadow a club artistic musical , a club spa , the home of the bohemia of san st .
many born there : noms , tequila jazz , remember the way in that schnur brought the project to &quot; the ear of van gogh &quot; .
schnur and your friends cantaban songs curb under fonograma , vestían trousers deadlines , between them was the currently composer of fashion igor vdovin .
when the group started to music in alive , the became in &quot; leningrado &quot; .
trachtenberg was animador of many programmes before of the times of hali-galivskih .
them gave to trachtenberg and was the start of your great career categories the education basic and training the received of us .
gallery &quot; d 137 &quot; , the &quot; club griboyedov , are the rim of the clinic the art .
there accord our employees and customers notoriously .
am a hero the century last , when the culture mean something .
in the year 2000 , the survey the did in the press , the prize was &quot; the people of our city &quot; .
in the nomination &quot; artist the year &quot; center elected i , so delhi my completion .
in these new times not is comfortable work categories i am a man the that you p the truth , the honesty and the culture the century last .
in our times is easy save popular , but the culture and the popular van separate . one can be popular but very little worship .
- there in man jobs something recognisable .
- many of my paints are hits , in them the articles clearly the currently and the revolutionary .
shall to do a exposure planned , &quot; the museum russian in buffoons &quot; .
the buffoons are a category timeless .
i before was tongue , but now be so is painful and discovery .
but in the buffoons all the embadurna and the tragedy the funk .
i love what grotesque , i ideas grotesque .
by example , the salvation the world through a change totalitarian and mandatory of clothes .
now to one what diet by the clothes , orientándose in what grade , but not in the internal of the person .
and , such time to photo person not the you installed p give the available , but escupirle in the display .
and the deception the credit when the changes of clothes .
- ago little fee saw in the paper of organillero urban . - a city culta must account a hero so .
h who best that i for broker h
- well but , ¿ to what best the art commercial can be cooks ?
- now the art commercial must be careful , salt , account identified .
are post witnesses of the woods of the cultures .
before the people the agrupaba in tb , the bohemios wanted a thing , the simplones other .
now all the have divided in microcomunidades , is hard please to all .
not am a tickets of hundred dollars for may to all .
now there that think to who si interview .
now , each hero of worship has your 100 fan .
- h and for listen to stas mikhailov sizes by thousands h
- van to saw the fend , there works the uk sexo-social .
and to a event cultural van 300 people , 10 thousand never reserves . as result , less management , less money , all the marchita .
i to my fan , what more important is not deceive , not quick to lose what that olivier yahoo .
when was young site such tables that a coleccionista the tenia hook in the rock the side of falk and larionov .
i started with paints , with the that by what general the people stops .
now to often bargain the concepts .
say culture spiritual , culture of consumption .
not there any culture in the consumption , photo is another history .
i am a man of the culture of yesterday , crecí under the example of artists that bit in the poverty and died in the poverty , the obstruct the money only for paint tables .
i am to please of this culture .
- kirill , ¿ what is what that you lack to san st ?
- good experts in culture .
there a concept : official of the culture .
but not all them can interest to the culture .
when the christmas pm the messages all was of another way , the christmas such time not map very well the culture , but boots that was necessary keep to the experts messages .
in moscow now there very good consultants .
we people in san st that well could be experts , but are closed , because the need experts to a level higher that please correctly to items and them contact road .
now is prosperando the lived personal policing .
what same erarta , but the difference is that them say honestly that not all the art modern is accepted , there some artists that they that search other museums .
- ¿ what is for format san st ?
- san st not is a capital cultural . in moscow there fast more culture , there there ground .
but on our stones is hard that the art growing .
need ground cultural and we now more writers that readers , this is bad .
in europe there a top of people with curious that going to exhibitions and concerts .
in our case , this class is portion .
we that do that the art sale of fashion , as what was to beginning the century last .
the project the nabucco with a golf of san st .
give to light in the space
the land is in danger .
warming global or therapy with a planets murderer .
upgraded of vessels compare with human to board finding in search of a planet of dealer .
for pioneer the humanity the ago the question main : ¿ how continue the species in conditions of gravity or in the same planet of dealer ?
think that there little where choose .
of fact , only two are bidding planets that can be hung , the less hipotéticamente .
&quot; these are venus and mars &quot; , says the female head the institute alleged ohio , sternberg p.k. de iaes de , vladimir surdin .
but if the conditions in mars are best for the life , in the surface of venus the temperature is of 500 degrees .
only the can live to big altitudes or in the fold of venus ... in the space .
the started to address the problems of reproduction in the space with the flora .
ago already environment century that the sequence to carried experiments with plants .
four generations of peas cultivados in fold not the reservations in nothing of the des km .
after wine the breeding of insects in the fold , small nut of the fruit , the drosófilas .
in 1979 the replies the space eggs of codorniz for check how the core the embryo in conditions of gravity .
helps as result a polluelo normal .
but then begin the problems .
&quot; the problem is in that this polluelo has that find support , must provider on your own feet and start to moving &quot; , explains vladimir sychev , the director the laboratory the institute of problems biomédicos de ipbm de of the academy of sciences of russia .
the not find support , the polluelos track volteretas the online .
and after of 10 hours in the baby card the outlet a atrofia total of the enjoyment .
the polluelos not basket to the light p the audio .
and the et was that the carried of four days m the died .
&quot; and two times got that born the polluelos , but then what stop because was impossible work there with them &quot; , , observing vladimir sychev on failure the experiment with the polluelos in the space .
the last time that a &quot; miniarca &quot; biological fly to the fold was ago 16 years .
in the spring the 2013 driving the experiments .
without however , in the biosatélite &quot; bion &quot; only travel species of a same sex .
shop a experiment with rats , that were cards the space already with pregnant .
in principle , not the student nothing sobrenatural .
&quot; this was indian in the biosatélites , but this was a experiment single , and studies as this must embedded to carried &quot; , observing vladimir sychev .
after the landing , the rats compare pool offspring .
without however , still not the has top address the problem of the reproduction directly in the space .
is a challenge hard .
the animals , the lose your habitat weddings , m not can non your sharpen sex .
the man , without however , to difference of the small animals , in principle , can .
the homo sapiens has the reasoning abstract and is capable of create a fund emotional archives .
experiments similar not the table to carried by reasons ethical .
but the women travel the space since ago already 50 years .
the dvd risk what institute tereshkova .
and what more precious that has the humanity is the board female .
our gaviota flying , and nobody in the land could say : if is after of a flight the space .
able or not account a baby after of this flight .
&quot; after of all , to this question nobody has answered &quot; , observing the contractor the sector aerospace vakhtang vachnadze .
in june of 1964 , only after of a year the flight the space , the first woman cosmonauta , valentina tereshkova , outlet to light to a daughter .
the father of the girl , andrian nikolayev , was also cosmonauta .
in 1988 , the second woman cosmonauta , svetlana savitskaya , anyone two times tim in fold e even worked in the space open , took a son .
without however , the risk still .
fan few , are wall the astronauts to those after of experimental flights all them shipping result well , and a generation healthy next growing .
&quot; and if the can say more , is dangerous even in flights orbitales &quot; , accounting the pilot cosmonauta , hero of the union soviet , hero of russia , valery polyakov .
without however , the humanity must search some new links in the biotechnology , in the protection radiation , in the creation of the minor artificial .
the hidrolaboratorio the centre of preparation of cosmonautas is a stage compulsory in the preparation for the flight .
in conditions of flotabilidad void , the cosmonautas bars your skills of work in the space .
the water simula the gravity .
if for a adult the water is a environment comfortable , although still bid , for a child baby born is your element slide .
the small hombres-anfibio seem confirm that the life in the land silly the ocean .
there a link between the fact of that the baby the baby approximately 9 months within of your mother in the liquid amniótico , site you will more easy prices then the water .
in principle , this is logical , because since the time the birth date the time the first bath front only 2 weeks .
&quot; this is very little for forget something &quot; , says marine aksenova , monitora of swimming of baby card .
in short , if the gravity is a state more natural for a baby born , for the women is hop the gravitación , the force of the minor .
in the gravity the muscles abdominales and of the pelvis the decrepitan very faster , the capacity of expulsion the unborn the down .
good , omitimos that , faith in the action of pilot for the pregnancy .
the can , by course , give to light in a house special , view what empujará .
&quot; ¿ and then what ? &quot; , valeri polyakov the ago this original question .
by another part , the child also needs minor artificial .
without the feeling of minor , the board not generated the heal p the system tissue .
to a baby born in fold is impossible vestirlo with a suit special for entrenamientos , as to the adults .
m the you hunt of what that is vital for him .
&quot; and this experiment that going to do together , the allow the birth of a child in a environment strange , sporting place to that traigamos to the land to a disabled , to a person completely suit &quot; , provides the head the committee of bioethics the institute of problems biomédicos of the academy of sciences of russia , igor pestov .
by now , the birth of children in the space is a issue theory .
without however , with the time this will a reality , when the beings human in your vessels the responsive to a planet planned that will the home for your children card in the space .
head of nkÚ : the inspection the system &quot; švarc &quot; not has given with the political taylor
in engineering of tenders public , the republic czech account with good inspectors and a legislation of quality , although your application cojea .
so what phone miloslav kala , tim of the office of control chief de nkÚ de in a interview for aktuálně.cz.
&quot; the law never will perfect &quot; , but your application must be right . &quot; this is , in my view , what that us lack &quot; , so describes the situation current .
the controls sets of the inspectors ministries and germans also sizes to conclusions similar .
as example of a practice send , featured the attitude of petr nečas towards the system of be driver only on the paper , that the gifts as the system &quot; švarc &quot; .
the first minister said recently that the ods de party democratic civic de not molestaría to the listed with inspectors . then , ¿ is pet or allowed ?
&quot; the law must be controlled of some way and if battery something , in that case , p the president the government can prevent the science of the office that has the duty of non park controls p require obligations &quot; , rose kala .
in the meeting of the committee of control in the congress of the members , ud. corporation the project common between the team czech and the german , in the framework the home the edgar the legislation item to the tenders public in both countries .
¿ what is exactly ?
the about of a control parallel that scratch to non ago few two years .
said of way simplified : the legislation european regulariza how the must hosting the tenders public , to this you still the legislation educational in each country and , after , the show in yes .
us what we uk all and , although the control still not has completed , we mail differences very interesting . generally , the legislation of our country is &quot; more strict and more full &quot; , without however , the show specific in some parameters is best in germany .
the confirms , site , that not enough with clauses rules each time more catch , but that is necessary focus in the application of the law same .
¿ what can department of fact this project ? ¿ what believes that are the conclusions ?
indian a control common of this type could contribute to that stones of invest efforts in the celtic of the laws , the reduction and the improvement of the limits , although this not purchase a impact so positive .
the economy the savings means get a thing appropriate to a price reasonable de what that not always means that the price may the more under de for avoid so the enrichment and , to the long , the actions criminal .
but not by the fact of reduce the limit of the tenders post say that seeing to help .
perhaps because the system is saturation with both &quot; tape &quot; , that those that want search failures in the system able do more easily that if the limits the maintained so higher as now .
ud. version of the problems of our country with the transfer of the legislation that digital the prácticaa of the tenders public .
¿ how works the system of controls in germany ?
¿ is a office articles to our nkÚ or the athletic of another way ?
in cost to the offices , as the nkÚ , there images the bundesrechnungshof de court federal of accounts de , with a organization similar to the our , with a school also , what single is that in your case is structured of a way a both different , but in principle both offices evolve parallel .
also the skills are date page point analógas , without however , in both that germany has a organization federal , the courts of accounts the condition even to this level . in this file metabolism slightly of our system .
the court federal of accounts de brh de only can control the money federal , what that here winds funds horizontal .
the funds public , that are administered by the regions and the municipalities , there , in germany , the monitored in the court federal of accounts .
in profile to the legislation local , ¿ is more simple that the our ?
by what general , not i like listing a comparison without data specific . not however , germany still post a model in some aspects , but not the can define with filled in what is best .
¿ could be best , by example , in profile to the quality of the inspectors ?
that insurance that not , but , repeat , not i p do this type of comparisons .
is necessary say that even those countries that finding as model must do front to a great number of problems .
if not outside so , not them abnormal any benefit level with our office , ¿ not believes ?
in profile to the legislation of our country , ¿ what manifesto for your office the amendment of law on the tenders public ? ¿ the patent of some way your ie ?
taking in account that the period of validity of this amendment is relatively short , still not the has choose in the actions of control .
given that tough controls ex post , is apartment service with a page line .
by now , the route in the process of preparation of the controls r : we started a new tool of &quot; detection of file not economic &quot; , by the that we fact pass almost 14.000 tenders public , that have been mon . the changes the selected perfectly image here , already that the modify the limits , the rectifican the conditions of some types the process of dvd and similar .
¿ viewed that the approval of this law is beneficial or that , more well , supposed a patchwork for the system site ?
think that this law is sellers a step in the address right and hope that so may .
the problem that can eventually is that the code &quot; the glad &quot; and that may impossible follow .
already with the code previous , the people controlled were linked the contractor de by example , in the case of the programmes command regional the council regional de , and each law not respected in engineering of tenders public mean the rape of the discipline line .
¿ has sense then mounted the law of this way ?
think that not of this way .
the system must fees to those that music atacarlo or business of him and not identified to those that formed a failure formal , that not has ie in the photos of decisions .
a system of this type only lot create a dvd pressure bureaucratic .
¿ and how the enter of this ?
lyrics towards where us leads this road started .
the first minister has taylor recently that the ods not molestaría to the listed with controls the called system švarc , with reference the fact of be driver only on the paper . ¿ what means this ?
¿ the system švarc &quot; is pet or allowed ?
the law must be controlled of some way and , if battery something , then p even the first minister the government can prevent the science of the office that has the duty of non park controls and require obligations .
can say : &quot; cambiamos the law and what layer &quot; , but not can say that screen as if nothing .
in the law on the tenders public , the code is quite strict in profile the way in that the must act formally . and so is as must be for protect the competition public .
but , by another side , is tragic that the excluded the candidate with the best o by not comply the requirements formal .
the law never will perfect , but your application must be right . this is , in my view , what that us lack .
the road hotels le of ice , although in your most are handicap
in several places of the republic czech the road hotels le of ice and of snow .
although the most of the links are handicap , in some must tightened the driver .
region of spa spa
today by the morning the road in the region of spa spa pm handicap , but letter le of ice and of snow .
the temperature vat and incorporate between five and ten degrees under zero . during the day subirán slightly the thermometers .
has left of nevar in the region and in the areas texas the layer of snow is thin .
in change , in the crestas of the rain rain the snow execution almost the 30 thick .
in some places the visibility was still bad to cause of the fog , according the information the centre of control of operations of the road of the region .
the track quick r6 and the road of first category in the region are now handicap without restrictions .
without however , the recommends providing the driver , on all in some bridges whose surface can be helada and be slippery .
logo , also are handicap all the links of second and third category , including the road of mountain .
not however , in some of them still there abilities with rim of ice and snow apisonada .
is apartment increase the attention in the road , on all in the areas more highest .
region of pardubice and inundated inundated
in some road of bohemia eastern there danger of frost and in areas more highest and in the mountains can subjects sex a layer of snow in the links , scheme in your pages the address of road and highway .
the managing of road notice to the drivers on the danger that the train le of ice , especially in areas more highest of the region of pardubice .
can starting frost in the pricing of lanškrouna , Ústí nad orlicí , poličky , svitav or vysokého mýta , and on all in the road of second and third category .
the road r g 43 and r g 34 in svitav have been male liquid .
there snow especially in the road of the mountains of krkonoše to orlické hory .
there a layer of snow apisonada in the areas more top of the road in the municipalities of rychnov nad kněžnou and trutnov .
in the area of the bohemia eastern , the sky study today between cap and partially nublado , without rainfall .
the temperatures oscilarán by what general between three under zero and a degree positive , soplará a wind weak .
region of pilsen
the road in the region of pilsen are handicap today by the morning , although left tightened the driver and will necessary adapt the time .
in the headlines hours of the morning o frost , the temperatures oscilarán between three and nine degrees under zero .
after of the nevada and the display drop of the temperatures , some links also could be covered of ice .
in some places the drivers the check with fog , but the visibility improve limited .
this is what that the indicated of the hotels the centre of control of operations of road of the region .
the highway d5 is transitable almost without restrictions , although the recommends providing the driver , on all in the track between the height 80 and 131 .
the surface of the most of the road of first category is dry and without ice .
in the area of the road of pilsen and tachov terminal with germany can having abilities with le of ice .
the links of second and third category are wetlands , by what that , in this case , also the packets of abilities with le of ice .
the drivers should be more careful , especially in the links less minimized in the area of Šumava .
region of olomouc
the drivers that the responsive to the areas more highest of the region of olomouc the check with snow partially battled .
after the treatment electronics , still delivery snow in the port of Červenohorské and in the track in address to videlský kříž .
the managing of road zeros the snow during the night categories in the road of Šumper the acumularon few three thick of snow , according the administrators of the links .
in the rest of the region , the most of links are handicap without restrictions .
&quot; in the areas more top of the road of Šumper , left rim of snow .
the drivers in the port of Červenohorské the check with snow environment battled in address to jeseník &quot; , has confirmed today a operator of the administration of road of Šumper to the Čtk .
on the ground and of night box to the jesenická also your posted and , after the treatment electronics , the forth of the areas more top are now despejadas and wet .
in the road of olomouc the links are handicap without restrictions , in the of Šternberská the drivers should drive with driver in the abilities forest , where the links diet pro wetlands .
region of Ústí nad nad and region of keeping
the operators of the road the north of bohemia have reported on complications in online abilities to first hour of the morning .
apart of some places in the that has believer or pisa , according the base of data of the police the road of mountain between telnice and knínice in the region of Ústí nad nad is closed .
the temperatures the sex under zero , even in the areas more texas , by what that the ice and the snow design surface in the carpet . in change , in the areas more texas , especially in the southwest the plants central czech , not there problems and the road , by what general , are dry .
by the mmento not the have texas complications of service .
the operators of road have notify of the presence of ice in the clinics of Štětí .
according the meteorólogos , the conditions have been ideals during the night . during the day the expected rain and snow that the glacier and by the night the sky study cap and o ice .
since the road general the have announced conditions se in the road r g 13 , in the border between the region of Ústí nad nad and keeping .
the road between telnice and knínice took that be cut by the bush of the trees that the had arqueado on the track with the weight of the snow .
Šimon ornest : in our concerts want consecutively energy positive
the says that in little less of a month going to get the end the world , ¿ what relative on you ?
only is a of between picture other news stories to the that us p hold .
the group of music mail tap tap us p more well do jokes on this and us p say that fan the single group of music the world that river innovative enough energy positive for suspend the end the world or for round .
addition , in december organizáis a project really original : three concerts against the end the world .
¿ can explain to our readers ?
the about of a act beneficial ohio that corresponding vanity since ago two years .
us telling to advantage the potential of marketing that has the end the calendar maya wisely for the 21 of december to the 11 : 10 of the morning .
the day previous , the 20 of december to the 21 hours , washington 3 concerts simultaneous in prague , brno and ostrava .
features approximately to the same hour in the that stops the calendar maya in the island kiribati , in the ocean pacific , 12 hours by front of our area hourly .
¿ to who the you june this idea ?
pm was idea mine , after went forjando the project all together with our leather honza augusta .
addition of condition innovative enough energy positive and avoid the end the world , also want reflect , along with the society , on the state in that top the world to our children .
with max the end the calendar maya also we created a collection single of articles : boots , parcel , sewer and original llaveros against the end the world that can purchased in www.e-tap.cz , another form of bicycle .
the group mail tap tap , along with other p , also sung the called anthem against the end the world , that leads by title &quot; end the world , cancelled &quot; .
currently is very popular in youtube , ¿ the able hear in the concerts concerts ?
clear that yes , and will fair the last , good , always that all sex well and not the pro the world ...
the cantarán all the p the same time in the three concerts .
the himnos the enlazarán between yes multiple thanks to the broadcasters special in direct in the tv czech .
tomáš hanák has writing the v of this song e parade the paper agencies of jesus in the videoclip , where also singing xindl x ...
¿ how silly this collaboration ?
work treatments even with other personalities of the scene cultural czech , apart of hosting many acts concerts and concerts ...
washington all our pretty in participate in this project .
the has shown that to the most of them them interested and them divierte work with us .
¿ to what the specialising the money collect in the concerts against the end the world ?
to equipment for the centre educational without barriers studeo , that corresponding to term in your sixth year running with the association civil tap in jedličkův ústav .
the pupils of the school of jedličkův ústav receive regularly the visit of teachers with the that center activities humorous e interesting .
the pupils not service of media economic enough for pay to the teachers and gift a efuerzo for do possible .
in the framework of the completion of the works in jedličkův ústav , k a building independent the that us trasladaremos with this project .
in each concert borne several groups e p .
¿ what are the criteria of dvd ?
tries complete a programme that may version for all the generations , including the children .
by example , in prague actuarán chinaski , support lesbiens , illustratosphere with provide bárta , mail tap tap , marián bango and paroubek suchý .
for obtain information more detailed , tell web www.kpks.cz.
¿ choice deadline any another &quot; action spectacular &quot; similar in the future ?
in may broker by first time in the festival pražské jaro , so that here sellers preparing a programme version with guests interesting .
the year that next also us like music in the bohemian cardiff hall of new york and to me , personally , directions that are in states united , i like amplify with actions in washington and in chicago .
vuestros plans in the abroad not are indian minimalistas , date now brakes slightly by example in madrid , brussels , london or moscow .
mail tap tap is , not however , a group sex by people with disability .
¿ how is the logistics and the organization of these travel ?
not is so hard how can appear to first view .
there five member in chair of wheelchair generating , the chairs must travel in the humidity for luggage and addition corresponding much weight , the boxes with the instruments ...
without however , date now us the we integrated well . Čsa and bankruptcy airways were perfectly ready , thing that not leaves of amazing .
even in moscow , of where we circle ago little , cameras all without problems .
thanks to the consistency the abroad tell compare the different attitudes of the society towards the disabled and other aspects .
¿ with what watching brakes found date now ?
in madrid , luxembourg , london and other cities , all works best that here categories in russia we been witnesses of that , in the this , go much road by go .
to difference of prague , moscow is full of barriers , there still without be deals that a person the allowing voice by the centre of the city in a chair of wheelchair generating .
something so federal as is , by example , give preference to someone in chair of wheelchair in lift , there not what is .
by bob , the has created a association civil that the striving by tematizar the problems of the people with disability .
¿ in what aspects we estate example of countries more progressive ?
there many aspects in the that going by behind ...
but is important mention that the component and the improvement of the situation always depends of the people to the that affects directly .
in london and in madrid is very normal that the people with a disability serious the allowing by your account in public and can go the service , the museum , where wants ...
but not is very common that a great number of people with disability fee in the life social of form active , in this file , with mail tap tap h going a little by front h
a society user or without barriers is a thing , but when comes the time in the that amends eminent athletes , artists , players , political or lawyers , start to change all of truth .
date now , are cases isolated of people that they a great force of will .
the group mail tap tap is currently very popular , but if lecture few years back , ¿ what watching mission to component the group in 1998 ?
walked as educador in jedličkův ústav , where microsoft fast people young to my around that wanted interest to something .
and cook that i am musician , toco , between other , the saxofón , fundé a group healthier with a length of work .
and with the time , as says our remove láďa angelovič , the us was a little of the hands de laughter de .
without however , the popular not came date these last years , ¿ or i wrong ?
is truth that us helped quite the fact of connect with singers famous and also work actively for completing the group .
get to the conclusion of that the work that not the software , is as if not eyes .
thanks to the aid of the union european , can saving addition teachers of quality , equipment , etc.
¿ club print of get so far with mail tap tap ?
since the principle saw the potential that had , that the can do something of another way .
the world the entertainment is tank of things that the seem the comments to the other .
is logical , to your way , all what new the welcome with caution and email much time in accepted .
there few things extraordinary , but i venture to say that mail tap tap is a of them .
the impression of someone that us software by first time is clearly the compassion , is a reaction natural ...
but the compassion is completely wholly because the people with disability not are beings devices that enthusiasts and of the that maybe account compassion .
there people that is capable of live a life full and develop , with the condition , by course , of that gets of the media fax .
i always say that if something them enter well to people with disability , then , not is only a advance for them , but for entire the society .
¿ helped the fact of that is ud. a head assignment , as you describes fast people ?
if want do a work of quality , we that be au in many aspects and require certain discipline .
think that is completely normal .
some people sizes with a vision romantic and with the head in the clouds and when the usually that they that table two days to experimenting , go to the test preparatory and pass much time travelling and in concerts , the euphoria initial them abandon quickly .
but so is how works in all parts , in each group that post work and get something .
currently the group mail tap tap has twenty member .
¿ written of them were already in the early the year 1998 ?
only one : láďa angelovič .
fan a group open , the people windows and enter , not the can avoid .
anyone purchase will and cork heart always the doors reviews
will the day before the cup end the world , the thursday 20.12.2012 to the 21 hours
will place in the incheba bit of prague , in fléda of brno and in plynojem in ostrava and seminar 12 groups and other musicians of the republic czech
the three cities the conectarán the end of the musical to through of video for lottery treatments the song the group mail tap tap &quot; end the world , cancelled &quot;
the goal the concert is innovative the resources fax for finance equipment forests the centre educational without barriers studeo in jedličkův ústav of prague , whose cost total to 25 million of reserved czk .
the entry the concert costs 400 czk and the children date 12 years they entry free in the option of sale retirement in bohemiaticket
poland and the manage .
in the meeting of ministers of the countries of the agency space european seattle the week week the accepted to poland as twelfth member of the photo . is the second country member of the photo the former block of europe the this , after of the republic czech , that the became in member full the 12 of november of 2008 de .
poland network a intensive collaboration with the photo in the year 1994 and during the years site student in the committee of projects of the agency .
without however , the road of poland towards the manage began much before .
the enthusiasts polish already the fished to the flights the space before of the second war world , although not always the pages your links .
remember , by example , the conference of a. Šternfeld in the addiction alleged of warsaw in the that , the 6 of december of 1933 , presented your ideas on the study pages &quot; introduction to the drawing &quot; .
the ideas the young connecticut de born the 1905 de red to the assistants deaf and , years after , Šternfeld reports that the dr. jan gadomski had been the single that had shown interest in your work .
in the year 1934 Šternfeld bonus in france the prize robert esnault-pelterie and andré louis beautifully by your &quot; introduction to the drawing &quot; .
the dr jan gadomski de 1899 - 1966 de , mentioned previously , the became more pm in a great drive of the exploration and of the drawing .
published hundreds of articles in journals location and wrote a series of books dedicated to this discipline scientific .
gadomski the became in a promoter of the drawing , was known in all the world and your contribution to the science the l rewarded when the data your name to one of the cráteres of the display hidden of the moon .
already in the year 1925 the built in poland a dresina that cards to be loans of a engine of rockets .
unfortunately , the unknown who was the author of the proposal and either the jim the destalles the project .
not is clear if the rocket cards to be used for the getting of the dresina or for your slowed .
the information on this dresina the limited to the collection in the press of the king .
to date the year 1933 the artillery polish began to interest to the missiles .
the research was funded by the komórka techniki uzbrojenia in collaboration with the prof . mieczyslawem wolfkem and prof . gustawem mokrzyckiegim .
to date the material features , the ago obvious that the research came the crowd of the evidence practices .
not however , with the arrival of the troops transportation , the discontinued the research .
in the year 1937 der in the press specialized the prototype of a planted of hunting fotoeléctrico designed by the connecticut rohoziński and the year next was published the study &quot; rakieta - torpeda powietrzna r rakietobomba lotnicza &quot; , the author leliwa-krzywoblocki .
both projects were diabetes the use military of the engine for missiles .
little before of the war , the committee advisory female interim de tymczasowy komitet doradczo-naukowy de the consideration of all the projects of techniques of missiles for use military and coordinaba all the jobs .
the committee was jacob in 1937 , but after of two years of activity , the l speaker by the page of the war .
other studies dedicated to the drawing peak in the press polish after of the war thanks the work of the society polish of astronáutica de polskie towarzystwo astronautyczne de .
in the edition of november of 1954 of the magazine problemy the ago reference by first time to the society with four articles very timeframes dedicated to the astronáutica .
in one of them , the prof . m. subotowicze , the secure the creation of a society that the devoted to the drawing .
in photo king already the had cook in electronics projects of photo artificial and was toys that the research cosmic was a discipline with prospects of future .
since principles of 1956 the society polish of astronáutica de pta de angela to component part of the federation international of astronáutica de ya in 1951 de and in autumn of that same year the pta the became in member full .
the year next the first president of the pta , kazimierz zarankiewicz de 1902 - 1959 de , institute to be the tim of the federation international of astronáutica .
occupy this office date your death in 1959 .
to date the 1956 , the pta student of way significantly in the development the rocket h rm de rakieta meteorologiczna de , that was a success and the became in the first rocket polish in the that the mission to carried research scientific .
the first type rm-1 was completed in 1957 and the supplemented by first time the 10 of october of 1958 .
the rocket microsoft a peak of 1.800 metres , few 80 cm of length and not interpretation to the 5 kg of weight .
more pm , the delhi of build the version rm-1a and in summer of 1959 the enquiries the evidence airlines of the rockets rm-2 of two stages in the desert of błędów .
the rocket measured 1,4 metres and pesaba few 11,5 kg.
another type of rocket in development cards to be subject of study female real . the rocket rm-34 cards to account a peak of 14,5 g and your mission would control the wind of height .
without however , in 1962 the located the jobs .
the successor of the info rockets the type rm was the rocket meteor-1 , that the built during the years 1962 and 1965 .
the diseñó as rocket of two stages , with a length total of 510 cm and a weight initial of 32,5 kg.
the los three types de scanners meteor-1a , -1b and -1c de , that the reservations between yes by the space available for the equipment scientists .
in the rocket meteor-1a the space available for the volume was of 0,4 litres , in the meteor-1b of 0,34 litres and in the meteor-1c of 0,62 litres .
the peak online in the three types was of 37 km.
between the years 1965 and 1968 the developed in the institute air the rocket meteor-2 , whose headlines evidence airlines the enquiries in october of 1970 .
the rocket meteor-2 microsoft a weight initial of 380 kg and was capable of wear a weight useful of 10 kg date 60 g of height .
subsequently the built the version meteor-2h and meteor-3 .
is necessary mention also the entry of poland in the cospar de invested degradation space roslin de in the year 1960 and the training the committee national of cospar two years after .
in the framework the programme interkosmos , poland the joined to the research the space cósmico on photo artificial clock and , in the year 1978 , the pilot polish miroslaw hermaszewski the became in the second intercosmonauta after of vladimir vladimir .
the suspension of the law on jobs social not is the solution .
the week week the prisoner constitutional suspended the law traabajos social .
the resolution conversations a heated discussion in the society .
since then will interesting site the addresses existing since a point of view more pop .
the systems economic liberal in the eu , mon that in the world powerful , the based in the principle of a dvd competition economic and less code .
in result , this means that the different forms economic and the systems economic national are in conflict permanent between yes .
the cause the stock in the principle the free trade and the movement free e unlimited of capital private , along with the speculation financial frantic .
the effect of the big differences in the cost index de of the wages de division tensions economic .
under this concept is necessary understand the situation in the that the manufacturer , with the import of goods cheap , francisco shorten travel and for you &quot; sudden a bajadda &quot; the price the competitor with the goal of save with the dvd part the market and , of this way , increase your room of benefits .
to great scale means , for the most of the listed , abstract the production the abroad , buy there more cheap or well lights . the result is a unemployment high in those countries in the that the price the work , in comparison with other economies , is more high .
due to that the capital private not has responsibility social any and , with you , either is responsible the unemployment that this phenomenon generated , quantity necessarily the spending social the state .
entire this situation evicted the total armenian of the listed by pay tax and compensate the damage economic and social that have shipping in your seed of obtain benefits .
the situation is finest so posting that not is necessary submit data statistics specific .
the practices little escrupulosas the capital private involved situations , in certain economies , in the that the governments of park countries the see forced to compete with the goal of reduce artificially the level social of the own population and , of this way , suck capital abroad the country .
said of another way , the governments viagra capital private to available of your own population without account in account the decline social .
this the ago patent on all in the changes of the laws valid .
the goal is includes to the population to that accepted the partly the capital private , on all in what that updates to the wages .
this has place , by a part , through the system of duty economic in the case of unemployment of long duration categories by another , through the right restricted of the employees in profile to rights labour .
the result is a poverty growing along with the increase of the differences between poor and rich .
since ago a series of years , there in germany points of delivery of food for people poor that not can provider with your own work .
the number of people that receive this type of help top already the cds .
in the framework the enjoy of the competitiveness of the economy german , the division a case quite deals : people employed with a calendar so under that the state must pay the rest for get the minimum essential for survive .
the did public a scandal of this type related with the situation of the employees junior the parliament federal german .
the measures of savings of virtually all the states the south of the eu gets , without place to parking , to the same situation . the people , repeated by a decline abismal of your level social , the see forced to migration as in the century nineteenth or to malvivir with a calendar poker in the limit of the society , with the hope of that some day comes the country capital investor private .
¿ is necessary preguntrarse of where next ?
in the case of that the post of other countries of the eu , then the poverty running of a country to another or not top never , cook that chinese , indian , brazilian , turks , moroccan , egyptian or african diet working by a portion part of a calendar european .
this also affects to entire america latin .
the corporation liberal and the media of media participants date the indicates that the state not should department capital to the economy , that address the economy leads to your failure .
the capital private carter with tooth and tooth the submit of that the state not should selection in the economy entrometiéndose in the control .
to images , is necessary ask if the capital private not stress with your selfishness in the electronics policy and , by heart , in all the state .
in this case the reply is clearly they .
the test is the existence of marketing , in the practice very powerful and hints , in all the states .
the result is a situation desperate that the patent in the area of the corruption , in the favours mutual , in a legislation that is virtually reprehensible in all parts but not is chambers .
in germany the situation is the next : the ministries horizontal , to lack of media financial , arts the editorial of projects of law to companies selection private , the computers are to often linked with the industry .
this type of projects of law are approved after in the bundestag , the parliament german .
of this way , all the power not choice the p , such and as the con in the establishes of the democracies western , but of the strong groups financial that represent your own interests .
is toys that the democracies with a articles liberal the trouble quickly in a situation how the that describes appiános in your n the crisis of the republic roman in times of c and pompeya : &quot; the state glasses time desintegrándose and the game the positions to the force &quot; .
to change of bribery , favours results ilegítimamente and help for finance stones or swords .
the admissions and the corruption the faster without attached safe and the people congressional to the box with the vote apalabrado of advance &quot; ... &quot; not had people with character that aspirara to a cook in the administration , so that a time , to cause of this dear , the state tim eight months without consuls &quot; ... &quot; began to hears in seriously of that the single cure for a situation so serious was the autocracy and that was necessary pick a man solving &quot; ... although appiános thought in pompeya , c came the power and transformed the democracy for always in autocracy .
the conclusion , the same way that in the old , is that the society current the based in preferences insensitive the benefit individual without account in account the interests common .
the capital private not is capable , in your book , of understand and extinction the benefits of entire the society .
the result is the same that the of then , a colonised of the elite without mining , without that the mapping a effort for preaching in depth .
the causes the pull of the deposit pitch and communist must owns , by what both , in the opening frantic of the systems economic in the century nineteenth and giant .
with respect to the situation current , is possible compare the clothing of these systems in benefit of a democracy of type liberal , as a break defined , to the expected the next blow .
the fact really demoledor is that the elite current ignored by complete the loss of hundreds of thousands in lives , save social and seeker of the that we been witnesses , so as the crimes against the humanity , such and as the bay in the history former and the more recent .
the suspension of the law on tenders public not is the solution categories the less not to long term .
under pressure of the competition economic , both to level international as within of the eu , the government of the republic czech the deliveries software to continue search other links for reduce the level social of the population .
this trend is , by what both , systemic .
the solution running by reforms sociopolíticas specific , that highlight both the participation the capital the state as the influence of the citizens in the government and that weaken the position of monopoly the capital private in the society in benefit the state .
israel : the laboratory the chaos .
&quot; see nothing comes degradation violence functions nothing ever could &quot; de not input nothing of the violence and nothing could do de , sting in your song fragile and whose estribillo finish &quot; cleanup &apos; lloyd see see forget how fragile pacific check &quot; de not us forget of what craft that fan de .
&quot; if my children not pardon wars , not would any &quot; gutele schnaper , wife of mayer amschel jacob , in your bed of death in the year 1849 .
after of the latest waves of violence between israel and the strip of gaza , have directions , as always , reactions various .
a , the side of israel , viii to please the right of excuses and encasilla to the palestinians in the allows of terrorists . the another supports to the palestinians and medication racism by part the state of israel , genocide fiji against arab palestinians and grouping to israel of state terrorist .
not want focus in who is taylor of the fat that the echo updated and who is the victim . the end and the carried , the citizens of today in day of israel , including the territories bidding , born within of the situation policy current and not lived the early of the violence .
my print is offer to the readers a quick behind the info , a quick for logic who o advantage of the tensions that the fridays since ago 95 years de calculated to date of the statement balfour in november of 1917 de in a small surface of land the east environment .
some of my considerations the based in facts historical , other in conclusions to the that i news on the base of my own way of understand the subject , on who or what group of people is the drive main of the events of the history modern .
in the history of the humanity the history of the struggles by the power is in first class .
in each king can find a alexander alexander or a napoleon .
but what that already not is so obvious is if always were these john the that eighteen your steps of way la or if behind of your charles had someone that orientaba your actions towards a wild goal .
we accept that live in a king that location the wealth the world in the hands of few few individuals and that to this concentration of money and the power that this means , not the has shipping get in a voice generation .
of between these families astronómicamente pays users a that could considered the more prominent de if still there someone behind , not what know , but not what may de : the jacob .
not the says much to close of them .
course .
in the years 90 the century nineteenth bought the first agency of news de al de for that tour of associate your name with acts criminal of fast minor . the power and the wealth , or both , them portions the chest , thing that for them always manifesto a penal .
they cautiously important in almost all the banks central the world and in those countries in the that not are represented , the has taylor or the is soil a war : before the attack to afghanistan pm 7 countries , after the attack of iraq pm 5 , after of bring to colonel only remained four , but tickets russia has counts the bank central the government russian .
all time that has tried object to this family has dead .
abraham lincoln the refused to renew the state the bank central deutsche editor editor of the jacob , began during the war of secession to print money and was mouse in 1865 in the theatre .
nasty started to print money and wanted trials the system of reserve federal de fed de and was mouse in 1963 categories the congresista louis mc fadden was poisoned the year 1936 after of condition exceeding to the fed by having sheikh the great crisis economic the year 1929 .
your seed by the power world them mission during the years 1859 - 1871 to exists a plan with three wars wars , designed by the masón thomas thomas , decorated with the degree 33 .
the first war the scene as goal remove the big states monárquicos in entire europe categories the second wanted remove the arts colonial , especially of great britain , and the third the secure reduce the population of the land between environment cds and thousand million of people de manufacturers amount of slave for your welfare and luxury gdp and not consumirían sections resources de , addition of the creation of a religion universal de the ecumenismo not is nothing more that a preliminary for manufacturers solution de and the adoption final of the powers failures .
the method with the that operating the group of the families more pays , along with the jacob , still the dynamics the releasing of crisis and the display send of a solution de order ab cao - order to date the chaos de .
these solutions are , without however , flawed , and chemicals always a drive of the situation . if not , enough remember that the fed was created for that not the repetition a crisis as the the year 1907 .
so that , after the success the murder the prince the charles elicited , francisco ferdinand , in sarajevo and after of that , to root of you , the heavy the first war world , tore the russia birthplace with the page of the revolution flank .
the first war world cold of way sudden e taxi since the point of view military and economic , the capitulation of germany de the wars for bath with the russia birthplace pm already jazz de and the display armenia of the great engine of europe central , the empire elicited .
for planning the ground of the second war world , video that the bankers and political palette , of way untouchables , a situation spectacular to root of the huge loan of war imposed on germany , with what that the laid the conditions framing for the christ of the audience impoverished . subsequently , them rescue with serve to the germans the solution the führer , that was what enough mail and simple and weekly to fame , and build after a czechoslovakia association by several seasons with a mail minority german that card driver and started so well the function of the fifth spine , that prendió the winning and enquiry the outbreak of the war .
the end the century nineteenth , the jacob impulsaron the foundation the movement sionista , a ecology that angela to the training of a state jewish , net in the region of the former judea with jerusalem as capital de return the sión de .
the statement balfour base previously named the foundation for the immigration mail of jews to palestine and detected the info conflicts with the population arab the place .
the programs attacks terrorists in both parts .
estalló the second war world : is hard know if hitler bin too of the blues to the that what radio ireland the bankers international in a principle or if all what that did got part of a plan . without however , the suffering of the jews privacy in the camps of concentration created the conditions framing for the acceptance the state jewish in the society world .
israel was jacob official in 1948 and , of way similar the way in that the loan of war imposed to germany paved the road towards the second war world , with the non the state of israel the created the spotlight for a third war .
if the bankers international succeed iniciarla , the search jewish , the mon that in the second war world , the representing in victim in first online of win , now along with the population arab or , generally , channel the east environment .
israel is a laboratory capture , a machine of solder and chaos , not only in the framework of your country , but also to scale international . take as example how the categories of way targeted the rochester and opponents of israel .
¿ who is taylor and who is the victim in the conflict escaped ? ¿ where the injustice marginalization injustice in a spiral of violence chestnut , if the page of all was the greed of some individuals and your seed by the power world ?
in this point is necessary gifts between the inhabitants of israel and your responsibly , because , the mon that impacts in our country , the bankers international only hotels to your candidates in the elections .
the current president of israel b. netanyahu is the typical example of political fascist , marketing to the bankers international , that ago all what possible for holiday the war to iran and , sports that iran is member of the organization of cooperation of shanghai de china , india , russia , pakistan ... de , threaten in hot in a conflict global and , if we in account that iran getting the contact of ormuz , by where running the 20 cent of all the oil world de the row of shipping has only two miles of cable de , engine to the destruction of the economy world .
under what light the show now the words that dark david rockefeller in 1994 : &quot; what single that need is a crisis general and the people study of agreement with a new order world . &quot;
the new order world in your imagination is a world of diamonds and slave .
a world in the that the rest of the population engineering to a handful of people that form part of the royalty financial well accommodated .
a world in the that to each new individual the you brands a chip the leone that getting all your be .
&quot; and specifications to all , small and big , rich and poor , free and slave , to account a brand in the available right or in the front , to not power buy p sell , to not be that logo the name of this monster or the figures of your name .
is necessary understand : anyone purchase two attitudes of front , that grand the numbers of this monster .
the number brand to the person and this number is seiscientos boat and six &quot; .
film argo : if the version crude , sue to hollywood
in november of 1979 a group of the demonstration of students resulting thermal the embassy american in tehran and took 52 diplomados as capture .
your release in freedom cards to be to change the destronado shah mohamed réza páhlevi , the home after of the revolution fled to ee.uu , country that had patrocinado your regime during decades .
for the administration american the situation not reply any perspective positive : baby the shah by the remuneration not the what could allow , cook that , if what site , burning in danger the trust of your allies in other countries .
but the release in freedom of the capture in iran , where the revolution had native in the constitution the regime theocratic , not was to your scope .
was a blow the prestige of the states united , that subsequently the valencia still more with the bid upcoming of free to the capture by the force .
the diplomats highway were released 444 days after of the intervention chapters the government of algeria .
in ee.uu. , your destination horrible a wave of solidarity and bear against iran .
the failure in iran played of way adaptation to the defeat of carter carter front ronald ronald in the elections presidential of 1980 .
the film &quot; argo &quot; the director and player ben affleck tematiza a episode of this history , that cosechó a small success for america .
little before of posts the embassy , the escaped six employees the building .
after of a complicated periplo , ended in the residence of the embassy canadian .
cia , in collaboration with the authorities canadian , managed extract of iran , for you helped a history backdoor a point extravagante : gather with barrier canadian , as member the team kids that looked the location in the country for the film of a producing of science fiction .
combination of mixing
the plan that laid the expert in &quot; exfiltración &quot; toni mendez late the collaboration of hollywood .
for that the lie prompt divulged , the wrote on the project kids in journals specialist , the curriculum conferences of press , the society of production virtual microsoft even a clearance real .
the details on the operation the ordered in secret during much time , the film the has fact to date of the memories of tony mendez .
the film of affleck is a combination odd of several mixing .
by a side , a thriller political realistic categories by another , a called &quot; caper movie &quot; , the history of a episode that cameras well , a deception de a example can be the series ocean &apos; lloyd purchasing de .
in the film the combined the states of frame . find by a side secuencias well khan of tehran . in the sequence of credit the show photo flagship of the king of the events , that were plasmados the same way in the film categories not there many differences to this posts .
by the another , scenes authoritarian of hollywood a both more livianas , marked by the irony and a corner excessive .
and addition , scenes of the central of the cia and other institutions : men trajeados that laboratories the situation in the table of table , in the corridors of the office , by phone ...
ben affleck has top restart your career of a way excellent .
the player , that had been subject of mock , the has become in a director robert and your way of act has left of be the white of comments ironic .
argo is your third largometraje , after of &quot; goodbye small , goodbye &quot; de 2007 de and the thriller &quot; mail town . city of remaining &quot; de 2010 de .
the same time , is the first film of affleck in the that the action not has place in the city of boston , where the fly .
logo , the sensitivity of perspectives the atmosphere the place was a feature that footing to the directors of films ancient by above of standards of hollywood .
and affleck what shows in argo , where tehran the &quot; wheel &quot; in canada .
the best scenes of the film they place in the streets , in the reconstruction of the events reported . the sequence introductory of the photos of the embassy is impressive by your capacity sinóptica that , the same time , trasmite the maiden the topic and of the lack of foresight that input when , in some place , the history page a step forward .
affleck and your brokers big a effect similar in the scenes painted de the team impostor in the bazaar of tehran de .
fat action in shoes places
the director took that accept the fact of that a history explained not offers much in the sense kids of the scenes more schemers .
and the the your quite well . to times you add something to the reality : here not enter all of way so elegant de the scene in that shine the crisis in the airport of tehran , the handicap of a call to america and the search frantic after your floor the environments in a madness de .
the flaqueza of argo is the rifles that input of the need of show fat action in shoes places .
j arkin and john goodman they a paper very funny as brokers of hollywood , although your john the deserved more space and not are , p much less , the ones in this filme .
by these reasons , the film of affleck lose a little of sketch dramatic , but is a film that the can continue with a interest moderate , appreciate your commerce and the style retro of a thriller that beautiful the years 70 .
but that the john , that will hard .
as reminder of a history real and as test of what resource that can be the notions of omnipresencia and omnisciencia of the services secret , is enough .
rules for the inflado of flair , cotton and circus
the chief www.bankovnipoplatky.com , that each year cool a survey on the rates switzerland more fruit , now has decided announce the beauty on &quot; the regulation or the ideas more fruit the workshop of the eu &quot; .
&quot; the us june after the last event , the eu has items write a reserved the 40 by display of women in posts of address in the big companies nokia &quot; , explained právo patrik nacher , the inflated of the survey .
between the absurdidades nominadas is , by example , the recent decision the court european of absent the insurance of insurance between men and women .
date now , the women the aventajaban of best prices in the insurance of life because represent standards a risk book .
&quot; other ideas influenced the workshop of the eu can be proposals by the people date end of this year &quot; .
the choice will place to end the month of february of 2013 &quot; , journal nacher .
between the regulations controversial of the eu is , by example , the addition compulsory of biocomponentes the fuel that , as result , athletes the environment environment categories another ban is the fees of the thermometers of mercury of entire the life only because contain a small amount of a substance hazardous or the guideline sombre the size of the cages of the hens , that has contributed the enjoy considerable the price of the eggs this year .
the has kyoto the ban grey of use the expression &quot; butter of sandwich &quot; or the withdrawal of the garage classical of the shop .
a banana of quality must account a length of 14 thick .
the deep of the union photos this type of decisions to often under the pressure of one trees another lobby merchant or industrial , whose requests in brussels are stood usually by some state or group of states de the republic czech , even with the threat of import , indulge the requirements of your banks de .
the interests of a lobby were behind of the request , by example , of that the mail of dvd quality assigned account in the eu a length of by what less 14 thick and not port submit &quot; curvaturas abnormal &quot; .
the committee european the recommended saying that with this only search ascending the standards national not homogeneizadas date the date , that only complicaban your marketing .
the standards that gift reference to fruit and vegetables in the eu , to despite of the opposition of some states , the have relaxation on the base of that the directive existing returns a waste of grocery .
the candidate to win the survey could be the site of the sweeping the year last according the home in the flair inflables that the fuels is mandatory pictures that the children age of 8 years not are selection to inflarlos without the privacy of a adult .
the sweeping site reference here to a study american according the home , when the version of toys , the flair are the main cause of death kids by mechanical .
also is educational a restriction similar applicable the use of matasuegras by part of children of date 14 years .
ocurrencias curiosas born even in our country
equally stupid is the regulation item to the officials privacy : all time that purchase any function official in the eu not can use the designation of macedonia . for not wrapped the sensitivity of greece , the must talk of fyrom de macedonia macedonia macedonia editor macedonia de .
the chief bankovnípoplatky.com , in collaboration with the association of economists liberal laissez faire , nominó in the survey , between some proposals fruit reduction more top , the site of the union on the volume of the guidance of food in the territory of a state member .
the eu determinó the volumes device of guidance of food that can predicting in the territory of the republic czech the same day of our entry to the eu .
after , the republic czech mark , by example , the volume established for setas in retains , what that you ski a threat of pool substantial .
to the organizers of the survey also them entertainment the revolutionary of pay to those countries that not homes access the sea and the idea of fields a golf for the request of density .
this class of ideas not overview in brussels but in prague .
&quot; are in deals by the fact of not account sea .
ask to the union european a compensation &quot; , declared in autumn the 2004 the then minister of agriculture jaroslav palas de Čssd de .
what plot with the fact of that in our country the output much grain and , as result of the reviews shopping of intervention , the state microsoft the stores pour and the microsoft that export .
according palas , given that the republic czech is far of the ports ports , the eu should pagarnos hundreds of million of eur .
the end , the committee european the cookies ready to help to the republic czech and symposium a beauty public for the shopping the grain of the countries that not they access the sea .
the golf for receive a golf was proposal to the municipalities by the ministry for the development local size by the minister pavel němec de us-deu de . specifically , is translation to the editorial of applications of density of brussels .
eu : the decided rare are a exception
the guidelines of the states member are to often white of criticism , the efforts of the eu in engineering of bath and , logo , a operation and development more statistical in entire the union deserve more well , according several experts , our credit .
according the experts , the problem more serious is , by example , the collection of density of the eu for projects that not they nothing that see with the specialist of the integration european , but that the states member have top in the table on budgets .
to the ministries also them file the forge sensitive , the same way that to other countries of the union , the fight by the right to the designation of origin of your products traditional , although our country not always shipping de de of these pugnas .
the ministries , after six years of disputes with germans and route , flank with success the designation of origin the requesón of olomouc , but pool that christening the name the ron national , whose tradition in our country the dating the century nineteenth , and institute to paris &quot; tuzemák &quot; .
only the products egg to date the distilled of cane of sugar can be integrated ron , but not those facts to date of beet of sugar .
in the textile official of geographical of origin protected of the eu , along with the meats knowing and cheese known in all the world , the mazapán of the city german lübeck or the ham of ham , already the condition by example the biscuits of spa spa , the carpa of pohořelice and of třeboň e , even , the variety of hop of Žatec .
as maras protected of the eu , able be proud the the bread of jengibre of pardubice and the spa of hořice v podkrkonoší .
the people post that derek the republic , but am a amateur , phone okamura
mr senator , ¿ how the you june tell to the elections for president ?
not the about of be senator or president .
if in our country outside all well , then not introduce my membership .
but already not can connect see how the monies in the last twenty years in our country , how the remaining left unpunished , the increases the tax and the age of retirement .
not microsoft outlined of be political .
when see something that not i p , bid give with a solution for change .
and cook that already i total years and my membership is independent , the single possibility that i of change the things is imagine as senator or president .
the senate already has news , but little after the has cook in road towards the presidency .
¿ not is giving the leave to elementary people that what have voted ?
always amateur that my membership to the presidency depended of the results in the elections the senate .
more pm precisé that if swords elected senator , introduce my membership to the presidency .
but my goal not is the function categories the function is the tool with the that can do reality my own ideas .
by that help the dvd influence possible and the mandate more mail possible .
the problem not is only that au a search that criticize in the bar or front of the tv , but that pisoteamos to anyone that wants estate a change .
to this the you cancel the media of media , that fee discredit and bargain the freedom of expression with the freedom of lying .
of me the says that i sobornado to journalists or that i been advisory of paroubek paroubek .
going to talk of your ideas .
the cool to the fight band with submit financial and responsibilities criminal of political and the statement of the property by above of twenty million .
for you must change the law .
as president not has this competition and only the senate in your whole can sets laws .
¿ how post resolve ?
as citizen , i sex part of a group of pressure for that the profession of guide the recognized as work driver , and what got .
the problem is in the policy : if someone top with a good proposal , already may of centre or of left , the bands to purpose and this affects to the citizens .
as candidate independent , details of a dvd potential for obtain the support of all the groups x .
without encasillamientos p dogmas of party , i the capacity of power pick something of each party that may best for our country and apply .
¿ the viewed more well a man of centre or of left ?
since the point of view czech , i the impression that the people i viewed more of left .
for me not has importance , already may a little of left or a little of centre .
what that i care is that emerge forward .
not i care if someone is of centre or of left , want sections to the people .
always support openly any solution good , regardless of if the proposal next the ksČm or of the ods and , the same way , shall in against of the bad ideas .
ago joke when the says of ud. that is populist .
¿ but not what is info with what that says ?
when the creates a plan business for the company , windows also certain objectives e ideals .
e intentas acercarte to them .
o those what called populism , but all the proposals of the that gene already set in the world or known experts rock of them .
but without the support the parliament only you left signals .
and with you not can survive in the policy to long term .
¿ or believes you that if the christ to the people and version with them , lot , by example , a responsibility criminal and financial ?
not i another option .
yahoo to political , to journalists and to the society civil e try pathology of my part for help .
if outside elected president , not would problem in hosting a broadcasters in direct by tv in the home assist to the leaders of the parties x that legitimaran the responsibility criminal and financial for political , officials , judges and tax the state .
and , eventually , them clients that communicate t not what want .
if there a inspiration mail that com the disputes , the can do pressure in the scene policy .
take by case the choice direct the president , that has been a achievement of the pressure public .
the same time tell that only am a amateur , not am p a bottle p a intellectual .
for my views e ideals bid search allies .
album of start in the policy e bid obtain the dvd support possible for my programme .
bid get the things forward i same , but in case of that not sex well , within of six years what getting and back the sector private .
sounds a little as if okamura outside to save the republic czech .
not am any salvador .
know that with a person not male nothing , by that i visited to a series of personalities counter , by if to what best the animaran to submit your membership the senate .
center to see to radim jančura , but the refused because microsoft much work .
by my part , by what less i supported to the journalist of research jana lorencová , that controller to the light the fraud with meats vehicles of heating .
i stephen properties of the base of that the people is really dissatisfied , now am in the credit .
the boat by display of the population not turned to the box and , those that what did , voted to the representatives the wake .
in the senate fan two the sector independent .
the people contractors the senate , of such way that will complicated auto changes .
without however , i character my own ideas , as by example the choice direct of mayors or of governors .
¿ is sports component your own party ?
still not what i update because not i time for you , for check the last unblemished of each one of the transmission member the party , p either i money .
not i money p for the campaign to the presidency , in my account transparent only there 20.000 reserved .
¿ not has money ?
version of statements of the property , ¿ how is the yours ?
clarification my property private in few 60 million .
in prague i a ground box in 25 million , a floor box ten million , another floor tasado in eight million , a collection of works of art with a value of ten million , a aston martin of few 3,5 million and a Škoda superb box in a cds , and in the account i a couple of million .
by page , i a aston martin because was my dream of youth . always i pleased james bond , that wooden this car , was galante with the women and , the same time , elites against the maldades e owes .
¿ leads a aston martin , your property is valued in 60 million and not has money for the campaign ?
ud. says that post change the republic but not post set too money of your part .
not is very convincing .
not i 15 million for the campaign .
¿ i that endeudarme ?
in the campaign already i cook 2,5 million .
the fact of that not purchase any patrocinador shows that not there too interest in my programme .
and not i the duty of pay the campaign with money of my top .
the expenses of the campaign cover in book what that detailed in concept of salary of senator .
but not could live of you . by example , not could peter to my son the school english , that costs 30.000 reserved dm .
if like just win money , then not i introduce as candidate .
¿ so that site with your activity business for power live ?
¿ not has said before that cards to stop this activity ?
this not has nothing that see with a salary dvd .
as i promised , in part i left my activities .
by example , the representative of my agency of travel subsequent to be my substitute in spring .
the people send that outside the samaritano that salvase the republic .
but i also help live of something .
¿ cost purse to win monthly as desk ?
between 200.000 and 400.000 , that set won .
if outside president , then chocolate the business .
can web entire the interview in the edition the saturday of práva .
the study of architecture mvrdv shows that the answers adventures not only are in the head - in the example of the library of spijkenisse and the baby line &quot; mountain of books &quot; - 2 photos
&quot; think that the building is fun , has a file futurista , and by end there something interesting that see &quot; , phone lisette verhaig , a injured that running by the street .
and stefan spermon , technical of format in a great company cambridge close of the library , finger : &quot; addition , the building is nice &quot; .
but i i wonder for what need a library today in day .
all we internet , restoration and books electronic .
nobody windows by lived in these libraries hotel of fashion , ¿ not ?
spijkenisse , a city bedroom cambridge to the doors of nursing that virginia worth a fugaz visit , holds the questionable credit of subjects levies with a record for forget .
the population of 80.000 inhabitants cool the rate of literacy more low of the countries low .
for counter this situation so scandal , ago some years the decided contribute of any way to the culture general and convert the seven bridges bosses that copies represented in the notes of euro in form of miniaturas of concrete arm decoradas .
the success of the attack amusing was limited .
and so was as the responsible political breaks that only articles a possibility for improve the statistics : h had that build a library h
winy maas , the study of architecture dutch mvrdv , all a proxy in the art of the diagramas of bars and responsible of buildings funny to the couple that orsay , the took the subject with your weddings midst and nassau to the presentation the beauty in the year 2003 with five books under the arm and a mode in the jungle .
and while the jury telescope dc to your around and the encogía of shoulders , maas romanians to blown the books by size spine a pyramid and completed your brief speech with the following words : &quot; dear shareholders :
here the choice , my proposal for the mountain of books of spijkenisse , the site `boekenberg &apos; &quot; .
nine years after , the mountain of 30 million of eur the dawn in the place items .
list form part the project of revival , that the full with a park park , a supermarket , a office of post and a couple of buildings of housing and adosados .
to principles of november the mountain of books was san with the second prize &quot; review library editor nl 2012 &quot; .
addition , the project also is nominado the &quot; dutch cardiff wood award 2012 &quot; .
of this form , the small city accommodation of history , that date the date not microsoft nothing more that offer that a area smartest posmoderna and a son incredibly beautiful after whose paints white one intuiría more well a central farm , account now with a n of architecture contemporary .
but on all , spijkenisse owner now the first building cultural public of your history .
the long road date the book
the first impression is that the about of a paradise of books under a quesera .
well is page that there a lift that us stored fair the centre of this plants montañoso , but the bidding dracula the space and the reading not what techniques , but that prefer fundirse with your topografía to each step of your escalation to the top .
the internal completely acristalado hard celebrity and easy of cover with the view , the soil of brick recocido and the cool farolas exhaust of form signal the condition public of the library .
the environment urban is perfect .
the raise the view the can get to visualizar the banks the park , the dogs and the children and girls playing the football .
and by all thou books , books and more books .
&quot; usually the shelves of books are willing to what long of the paints and in the centre the window a huge room hanging that , by what general , pages be something herald e impersonal &quot; , phone winy maas .
what that we fact us is set upside top the classical configuration space and get the area of reading the internal the external .
the internal of the mountain is very well suspend : in the environment the condition the offices , the library of internet , the club of chess , the centre of education environmental and the room of repair .
drama special deserve the shelves sheep that tries the functions of coating mural , parapeto and barandilla the same time .
the view , the identified and the olfato are strangers .
even the architects and the engineers civil more the day shake the head when ears talk of this material unknown .
&quot; wanted work with materials recycled &quot; , us explains joop trouborst , head the project in the city of spijkenisse .
and so is as a day , in a hotels agricultural frisia , us setback with the feed archives river of the agriculture .
since ago many years , in the greenhouses and in the camps of the countries low the page a fabric plastic of scarce cable of thick as base for sujetar the roots of the crops .
the about of a material cheap and efficient .
this fabric dust test two plus and after the battled .
for the library this fabric the prensó , by first time in such amounts , date get printing of four thick of thick .
with the heat and the pressure , the pipeline plastic agricultural de klp de title of colour and the becomes in a material dark , harmonised and durable that rotten to a mixed of car new and zapatilla of sport .
after 105 sunlight the top to the top of the mountain .
the end of this map native of almost 500 metres around of the mountain us store the reward : since the cafeteria not only the has a news view of the city , but that in she also the can enjoy of comments tasty croquetas frugal and your ficus acres in huge pots .
these involved a environment intimate to the couple that sex the moisture air appropriate for this mountain of literature .
donations for a new soul
&quot; although whatever find seed your big wet glass , this building is a project sets in what that updates to the ecology &quot; , com trouborst .
the heating and the cooling necessary the tropical to date of energy geothermal .
to despite of that the mountain of books is cambridge under a huge pyramid of glass , even in the days more soleados the sun only addis during few hours in your internal .
the huge cerchas of wood card in sense merge to the paints of glass serve for give shadow and sucked the most of the rays the sun .
this creates a non internal confortable .
the rest is thing of the pulled late .
stefan spermon , the scepticism worker the sector of the technologies of the information , already the has flats to set the foot in the new library .
and lisette verhaig also has state there .
equally , the teacher of medicine traditional china cynthia bogarde has visited the library . she brands the &quot; boekenberg &quot; as the &quot; soul balanced &quot; of spijkenisse .
the reason is that , with g of the opening that took place ago a couple of weeks , the invited to all the inhabitants of the city to donate a book of your collection private .
of this form the intended fill , of time , the bits ópticos of a library that still not account with your archive complete categories in the currently has 70.000 copies .
the concept has save noticed .
the shelves are teem .
&quot; not there nothing worst that a library environment empty &quot; , phone the architect winy maas .
&quot; think that thanks to our initiative now all the inhabitants they a page link with this building .
all know that your book form part of the library .
although only sale results for overturn .
of this form , the study mvrdv has top all a success in photo discipline dominated that in the argot specialist the gifts as &quot; creation of a identity &quot; .
the city of spijkenisse has writing a history of the history of the literature .
regardless of what young e inculta that can be .
by end a point of starting for shaping your identity .
szabo : &quot; the germans must play a paper more agencies &quot;
germany the has abstained in the vote on the admission of palestine .
according stephen szabo , expert in the relations usa . uu.-europa , this census to berlin in a position diplomatic quite tricky .
deutsche welle : to principles of week , germany outlet to understand that shadow in against of the proposal of grant to the territories palestinians the condition of state observer of the nations un .
without however , finally berlin the conservative .
¿ by what ?
stephen szabo : germany not supports what that the israeli have fact in gaza .
now well , due to the relationship special that n the country with israel , germany must account care .
but the same time think that either supports the position arts .
germany wanted show your independence without be too critical with israel .
during the transportation that took place in libya in march of 2011 , germany also the conservative when of what that the advertisement was of listing a area of ban of flight .
list has been spa finally by the nato .
¿ you hard hard to germany adopt a position clear when are in game topics international important ?
yes , so is .
this the must to that in these prices is partner your policy external , moving of a policy footage , by so speakers , by the states united and focus in a policy external german .
and what that planning still more the things is that the privacy not they a policy player and uniform .
by what both , the germans the condition in a crossroads .
of them the expected that archives a allows more independent , but not are images to do .
think that still are operating what will your paper , but already have started the road towards a policy external &quot; normal &quot; .
a policy external similar to the countries as france or great britain .
¿ what means specifically a policy external &quot; normal &quot; since the point of view german ?
is a policy that , when the about of interests national , the co ready to boy clash different to the of states united or your partners privacy .
think that the policy external german features a mail motivation in the policy economic , is say , in the exports and in your relations with certain regions , as can be russia , china trees east next .
the interests economic germans are date page point different to the of other big powers and by that g germany must protect your interests .
¿ these interests economic have influenced in the position adopted with posts the conflict in east next and in the vote of the un ?
by a side , germany account with big markets in east next , especially in the gulf .
by this g must be poppy and not alienate of the view public arab p either of the shining arab .
this is important , by course .
but i not you grant adventure importance cook that not the about of a relationship completely unilateral .
without however , yes play a paper fundamental in the considerations transportation .
¿ has posted germany your relationship with usa . uu. the throat of vote in important decisions as in the vote on palestine ?
think that in europe , e even in states united , the position german degree of a huge degree of understanding .
by this g , not think that the shipping produced a break so drastic as in the case of libya .
shipping with you germany shipping yahoo nickname a page respect .
the end and the carried , all this not has fact but show that is a country the that medium in seriously as player international and core interests there that account in account .
in europe there different views comments of the initiative palestine .
in change , usa . uu. the has shown clearly to please of a import .
¿ there analysis of views between usa . uu. and many nations nokia ?
always have fresh these discrepancies due to the policy internal american .
think that the government of obama co in secret a great understanding towards the position european .
but , to cause of the situation policy that the live here , is obvious that the government not can boy in public photo position .
think that the real analysis of views not has in reality the fit that the you assume .
if missing the relations between obama and the first minister israeli netanyahu , see that obama not is for nothing submitted with the policy that core .
¿ you hard hard to germany reconcile the links relations that keeps with israel and states united , by a side , with the position of your main partners in the eu , by another ?
think that is indian that what that ago that may so hard for the germans .
by course that would a little more easy for the germans if eyes a policy european player and enrich , but not is the case .
by what both , not they the possibility of component part of a broadcasting higher , but that must links the things since your own position .
that is indian what that are doing now with the euro .
think that in the future germany institute a paper of leadership to the hour of includes to europe to adopt a position european .
by course that this not is nothing easy for germany , already may m by the relationship that keeps with israel .
this has been always a subject handles .
but think that the germans they clear that must play the paper of tag independent .
¿ the software germany to yes same in the paper of player international important ? ¿ anyone in reality germany assume a paper agencies ?
¿ or shipping you still underdeveloped hard accept that leadership ?
germany still not the has church , always hard something michel and , by reasons obvious , the country you still dear play a paper more important .
if audit the crisis the euro , by example , see that each time that germany the discounted as player main , the trail certain feelings antialemanes .
this not hard easy for the germans .
the about of a old problem and is that nobody post be surrounded of the countries enemies .
seen of this form , germany the features in a position much more hard that states united .
must show a attitude inclusive front to the different neighbours and views and that not hard easy .
the influence of usa . uu. in the policy european sad each time more , but the eu not cover of time that fill , ¿ who go then ?
to the germans not them gold more cure that assume a paper more agencies .
even if not them p , if them hard unpleasant or if them becomes in a p still more unpopular , c &apos; est the c h
stephen szabo is director executive of the academy transatlantic in washington , a institution in the that academic and experts in policy identify of europe and of america the north laboratories of form joint the challenges to the that the faces the community transatlantic .
szabo is addition member the polls marshall polls , where the has specialist in policy german , policy external american and relations relationships .
&quot; protection of trademarks &quot; in china : when puma and rolex the environments of suddenly in trademarks chinese
rolex is a brand posting to level world and side ralph lauren also .
but , ¿ what is rolex side ?
after this name the shopping a designation average official in china but that not has nothing that see with the companies original .
not however , view degree of protection while the bidding epónimos not user a demand .
e even then not is clear that the them oz to give the reason .
&quot; to the foreign them hard each time more hard protect your trademarks in china &quot; , com thomas pattloch , lawyer the bufete taylor wessing specialist in violations of rights of protection in extreme east .
each week top to my table a new case .
the innovators m add a couple of f for power record your trademarks .
of this form , gucci the becomes in lu-gucci and in place of prada the shipping prada-kny .
the companies transportation also the copied legally of the same way , such and as you has canada the manufacturer of articles sports puma .
pattloch window a files in the that sleeve seats of the office of trademarks of beijing .
the 14 of september of 2010 a company china requested record the brand zegna df puma , a name artificial that also the useless of the home of fashion ermenegildo zegna .
that the chinese are champions wars in that of convert and of viewing the rights of property intellectual is of stock known .
in the big cities there big stores of several plants dedicated exclusively to the sale of flooded .
without however , the cases of pattloch are of another orleans . by ordering of your customers , him fight against the fact of that the office of trademarks credit of form official to the companies chinese the right to get advantage of a designation that already is average in another place .
the chinese what tape &quot; bang ming pai &quot; or brand companion .
the word has your origin in the term chinese &quot; bang dakuan &quot; ,
that ago reference to women that have &quot; fish &quot; to a man puerto .
the authorities chinese not the feel fame
&quot; is harmful for the business , there that co against you &quot; , requires pattloch .
&quot; the brand ago waters , the position deutsche meal and the damage that mid the image is huge . &quot;
the loss financial and the coast procedural of the sectors agents are millonarias , on all in the case of products inspirational of luxury .
according data of the company of analysis of market clsa , with a volume of 15.000 million of eur the year china is , in size , the third market of articles of luxury and the that quantity to dvd pace .
without however , auto the agent of enrolment of divine legality in the register of trademarks hard complicated and addition supposed much money .
the processes the can whichever date nine years and the result is true .
pattloch version of cases in the that the court suggestion a demand because had navigation both time that the name subject of the demand already the had become in a &quot; reality of market &quot; .
&quot; if the claimant has bad bob , shipping even purchase that pay money the plagiador because the process has damaged to the brand of page in china &quot; , com pattloch .
in times this is the law of the forest .
some of the cases more known they that see with elements graphic .
in 2009 daimler-benz lost a pounds against the manufacturer of machinery of construction sany , the company that has been carlisle ago little by the manufacturer german of dog of concrete putzmeister .
by that to day of today the chinese can continue wales a emblem very similar to the star of mercedes .
the seller of volvo , geely , ounces the principle a logo in white and blue that reports in great measure to bmw categories the subject the dirimió in the courts and geely took that amend .
the manufacturer of clothes lacoste lost in china against innovators identify of kong kong and singapore whose logo represented a crocodile boys in the address claim the original .
the authorities chinese not the feel fame .
the office of trademarks ctmo in beijing courtesy that in 2010 have had difficulties due to the distributed of equipment and staffing of personal .
the year last , without however , &quot; the situation of emergency index page to the usual &quot; .
of this form , the amount of processes of delivered without tramitar the has small in a 22 cent .
almost 57.000 of these cases the properly registered , a 75 cent more that the year previous .
without however , 81.500 board diet outstanding of resolution .
co against this costs much money
as pages be weddings in china , the figures are drama .
the year last the ctmo recorded more of 1,4 million of applications of protection of trademarks , almost a third more that in 2010 .
the site of a new record and means that china lidera by tenth year running the list of new enrolment in all the world , according com the office of trademarks .
seems that this also happens with the number of designer valid , figure that total to 5,5 million in total .
in 2011 the jack embolsado 1.800 million of donated in concept of rights .
said of another form , this means that of average each register costs 1.280 donated or 160 eur .
co against this costs much money , such and as shows the case of the company family german freudenberg .
since ago more of seven years the group famous in the courts against a imitador chinese .
if well the germans have top john the manufacturing illegal of pieces of car of imitation ,
the imitador has yahoo finance the rights chinese on the brand freudenberg .
&quot; us computers we shipping this situation because in germany the surnames not are protected &quot; , com hanno wentzler , president and consejero delegado of freudenberg chemical specialities in munich .
the office of trademarks ctmo also suggestion the resource of the muniqueses .
in the two following instructions you have given the reason to freudenberg , but the part opposite still fronts in the currently .
there that account personal care
now the case has news to the doors the court higher of justice , where still edge of resolution .
wentzler responding in power sorted welcome the issue and rationale the professionalism of the courts .
without however , also phone that &quot; the procedure is extremely expensive , both in terms of money as of time &quot; .
hard hard estimate the costs membership categories the archive business has had that review backlog of date hundred years of old for power department evidence .
ago five years freudenberg promised to the part opposite a &quot; sum of six figures in eur &quot; with the goal of get to a agreement friendly , but not took success .
&quot; this shows what much that us care &quot; , com wentzler .
the dangers that identifies in extreme east caps even with affect to europe ,
specifically if the innovators the providers there the rights on trademarks not protected .
so , a manufacturer chinese tried record in germany the name freudenberg for shoes and products of skin .
ago time that the group pan this area commercial , not however decree prevent the register .
&quot; there that account personal care &quot; , phone wentzler .
both him as the lawyer pattloch estimated to the companies transportation that design extremely careful to the hour of do business with china .
not enough with rely in the legislation international on rights of brand , but that what that there that do is &quot; record also in china all helps that can be room of protection &quot; , such and as finger wentzler .
of what otherwise , the subject can looking much more user that a simple register .
of fact , in case of that freudenberg varied the last assault of your battle particular , then charge that pay to the part opposite rights of licence by your own name , such and as explains wentzler .
that or in the segment in issue us expulsarían the market .
day world of the fight against the aids : dance , lottery , help
in ag trying the chorus imbongi and in swaziland the exhibit the orphans the aids
the history of a link capable of that overcome much more of 8.733 miles of distance .
first the starts by the floor : boots of cowboy , slippers of basketball , shoes of tacón and mocasines photo the compass on the soil of parquet , and what condition quickly .
a , two , three , four .
only then learn to elevarse angel the voices of the singers de contralto , under , reads and soprano de , arremolinándose , entorpeciéndose and siguiéndose comments to other .
and fiete hopf , the director of 29 years , threat with trick almost of your pushing the try set order with your slap bold and targeting .
is monday by the pm and in the room of music the institute of psicología medical of ag the chorus imbongi trying a new song .
also have news the fifty singers , of between 23 and 69 years , since the genetista human date the boys of home .
&quot; om &apos; obani &quot; not is a piece easy , each voice the chorus has a text different and addition in a language foreign virginia posting : the zulú , a language spoken by eleven million of people in south , botswana , lesotho , malawi , mozambique and in some areas of swaziland .
help for the concepts
according a estimate of carriers , the programme of the nations un for the fight against the aids , in all the world there approximately 34 million of people infected by the virus the hiv .
23,5 million of them live in the south of africa .
in swaziland there 245.000 orphans the aids .
more the 40 cent of the population already is pregnant .
the association voices degradation facility has found in germany peacemaker for the 180 orphans the aids the p of esitjeni .
spent of them attend to the school secondary .
by 15 or 20 eur the month the can apadrinar to a child .
this input cover the plate of the school , the uniform and you compliance a food hot the day in the gogo center .
imbongi means in zulú &quot; narrador of stories &quot; or &quot; panegirista &quot; .
in this room nobody estate talk with add this language bantú , but lottery yes know .
since ago ten years this chorus trying songs in this anymore language foreign that in times electric transportarles to your place of origin : the south of africa .
to 8.733 miles of distance in online straight since ag , in the northeast the uk of swaziland , there a p called esitjeni that depends of the voices of this chorus german .
the total by display is nurse
approximately 2.000 people live there , some still in surgery property of clay and hay , a great part of them are children .
more of 300 already not they parents because have unofficial the aids .
esitjeni is a small example of what that affects to swaziland : the rate of infection of aids more high and the washington of life more texas of all the world , according unicef .
the population not software with good eyes the circumcision , a practice that according the has shown down to the half the risk of infection .
more the 40 cent of the inhabitants of swaziland are nutrition the virus of the below , and die with something more of int years the has become in something weddings .
during a trip whole to africa in the spring of 2005 the chorus protein this recóndita population , but what that forced on all were many children in the streets that san not only of the protection of your parents , but of what main : food , clothes and training .
without title school , the posted in a country poor are more that revealed .
in a principle was domain the file particular of few few what that site possible that a child outside the school and disfrutara of a food hot the day . all this by few few eur .
without however , a year after the chorus kemal the association &quot; voices degradation facility &quot; that since then the has subjects profesionalmente of the orphans the aids in esitjeni .
facts on the infections of transmission sex
¿ what are the main diseases of transmission sex ?
between the incidence of origin bacteriano are the identifying , the chlamydia and the gonorrea .
the incidence of origin vírico more kenya are the aids , the virus the kills body , the herpes genital or the hepatitis .
the ladillas and the sarna the condition between the incidence airborne by parasites .
¿ what are the main groups of agents ?
the identifying and the gonorrea the provide with more frequently in men that sex relations sex with other men .
the institute robert koch part of the base of that the less four of each five cases of identifying registered in germany they your origin in a contact sex between men .
in the case of the adults heterosexuales the diseases of transmission sex more kenya are the infections by chlamydia , tricomonas , the virus the kills body , the candidiasis de hongo de and the gonorrea .
the infection the hiv between the adults heterosexuales the country is relatively size categories not however , approximately the 20 cent of the new infections by hiv the certificate in this group .
between the young , the infections by chlamydia are much more kenya that in other groups of population .
according surveys nokia , three quarters of all the infections affect to young of between 15 and 25 years .
in our country , the virus the kills body also the add to the diseases more kenya between the youth .
¿ how has evolved the number of infections ?
not all the diseases of transmission sex are code to statement compulsory .
according the institute robert koch , the number of infections by identifying has doubled your figure of 1.697 cases in 2001 to 3.698 cases in 2011 .
the number of new infections by hiv keeps a trend downward since 2007 .
in 2011 the registered approximately 2.700 cases .
the about of a tenth part less that in the year previous .
¿ what symptoms weekends that the about of a disease venérea ?
the diseases infectious can wind úlceras in the area genital , bother the orinar , flow , pain abdominal , so as ampollas or verrugas .
to often not colon pain p fatal other symptoms and by that not the stem .
¿ how the can one protect ?
the condoms can reduce the risk of infection , but not p protection the hundred by hundred .
some agents pathogens of diseases of transmission sex also can transferred to through of infections by suciedad and by contact check .
by this g , the experts estimated journals regularly to examinations medical , on all if the title with frequently of replacement sex .
if the diagnosed of form early , the most of the incidence can leonard and is possible avoid any result balanced .
to through of restricted , donations and , by last but not by you less important , of the refunded that sites the chorus by your actions in entire germany , sizes to custom quite money .
&quot; in total we sent already few 200.000 eur to esitjeni &quot; , com proud l lennartz , parish of the association .
in the own p zodwa rally a woman safe of yes same and with rhetoric of leadership bst the money sent since germany .
the index of that the orphans trouble a good accommodation , by example with a of the grandmothers .
the &quot; gogos &quot; , as the shape to the women maintenance in zulú , are the pillars the p .
some of them they date 14 orphans to your office , them p a roof where live and the agent of that the children kashmir to the school all the days must and dressed with your profiles .
the that not they to nobody left under the protection of khanyisile , a woman pregnant that , the mon that the two cocineras that the arts of cooking all the days for more of 200 children acquisition , fatigue a calendar of the association .
addition , &quot; voices editor facility &quot; has cook in electronics a school of remnant , has built two gallineros and , in collaboration with the organization care american psi , has yahoo that many of the inhabitants the p the australian angeles to a test of hiv .
this not is something toys , cook that , to despite of what patent that is this disease in all the country , not the pages talk openly of she .
a king with 14 wives
&quot; the aids is a taboo p &quot; , phone l lennartz , &quot; because has that see with the sexuality &quot; .
something strange in a country in the that the king has official 14 wives .
the last monarca p the africa black , the king mswati iii , is known by your style of life opulento and full of excess .
poligamia in place of democracy .
this form of life not enjoyed official is in great part responsible of the spreads so quick that has patterns the virus the hiv in the latest decades .
but also the must to the countless temporeros that distances the country of a side to another and that what table beyond where van .
according l lennartz , &quot; in any corner the can get condoms free , but these virginia the techniques .
is another culture , here only accepted the contact skin against skin &quot; .
for promote the exchange cultural , the chorus imbongi travel each two or three years by the south of africa cantando songs that rock of gloom , spirit combativo , hope and trust in the user black , songs that many in the extreme more southern the l african still request of the king the apartheid .
a bus tank of white that volumes songs in a language of black categories both credit not only classic weather a excellent environment and fast joy , but that also has yahoo arrancarle a couple of tears to some that another soldier approaches rabioso .
the trip them leads always to esitjeni , where the singers grades to the children apadrinados .
to despite of that this small population virginia n in the maps , in the valley the river ezulweni is very posting .
&quot; acércate to esitjeni , there addis the light &quot; , phone the people the place .
and after go the 8.733 miles in online straight of back to ag date the rooms of trial of the street bergheimer teem of singers pointing the step , one the page account of that also is possible see brillar your light since there .
messenger : the nasa discover ice in mercury
the h messenger has found evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
probably the layer of ice purchase a thick of date 20 metres .
the nasa , the agency space arts , has colour evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
to despite of design the planet more near the sun , there also there water helada , such and as the indicated of three studies print the thursday in the magazine specialized &quot; association &quot; .
the h messenger would found evidence of that in the area the planet that the features camera to the shadow the has sex a layer of ice .
seems that view has the less 30 thick and probably even date 20 metres of thick .
the water electronics possesses of cometas or , with great likelihood , of asteroides that in your day collisions against mercury .
nobody linked the headlines of ice with the possibility of that des life in the planet , phone the female head of the h messenger , design solomon .
the temperature in mercury can non date 426 degrees sights .
without however , the updated could help to warm how have news the water and other components of the life to other areas the system solar .
of form completely inadvertida for the inhabitants the planet land , the probes , telescopios and small robots as the phoenix the game to explore the unidentified the universe .
of time in when send pictures to the land : small windows to the reaches the space .
the image electronics of a house developed by researchers germans the institute max planck .
the eight planets that awaited our system solar , addition the planet enano ceres .
the mon that plutón , that graduate around the sun fair by behind of neptune , according the new definition the term page by the union gravity international in 2006 ceres not is any &quot; planet &quot; .
this section of a image of laser provides by the telescope spitzer co a &quot; reflects of family &quot; in the that copies infinitas generations of stars : the stars more ancient the show as points blue , although what more hard of changes is the colour pink of the stars &quot; baby baby &quot; .
this region of training of stars , site of form little romantic by the scientists w5 , was lb by the telescope spitzer in the constellation of casiopea , to a distance of 6.500 years light .
this image tornasolada of a star in species was provides by the telescope spitzer of the nasa .
the ring in form of donut is ad by the material that the star escupe in your process of species .
in the huge amorphous trífida , to 5.400 years light of the land , the form new stars to date of gas and dust .
the telescope spitzer of the nasa took this photo of the area of training estelar galáctica .
the pléyades , a group of stars also known with the nickname of &quot; the seven sisters &quot; , are a subject visible to simple view in the sky beneath .
without however , with the telescope the can appreciate best the colours .
the amorphous of the hélice n as a huge eye red n in this image of laser .
the features cambridge to 700 years light of the constellation of acuario .
your similarity with a l earth you has worth the nickname of america the north .
the combination of a picture normal and a image of laser page place to a spectacular colorido .
this star in fledgling could be drainage in all your glory by first time by the detectors of laser the telescope spitzer .
rings and your rings : how the derived still post a of the big cap of the exploration .
probably the about of rim of a of the screens of rings that diminished without stop trace ago 4.500 million of years .
a of the maintenance and more nítidas photo photo by the telescope hubble : the galaxy the remolino .
depending of the tonalidades , some pictures of star espirales the environments in answers works of art .
the image page by the addiction european basket co the amorphous trífida cambridge to several thousands of years light in the constellation of sagitario .
the name trífida electronics the term latino &quot; trifidus &quot; de divided in three de , cook that comments darkest lines of dust categories the heart wednesday of this area of training estelar in three lóbulos .
in the constellation of ofiuco the neil bar fotografiar the signs of a carambola cosmic : to 400 million of years light of the land the numbers of two star in process of merger the horde the one towards the another for classic chocando of form evil .
this training of stars was drainage by the telescope hubble in the galaxy spiral m83 .
the that not founded of abbreviations techniques can venice to she with the nickname of molinillo basket .
the picture the telescope space hubble co a section of the amorphous page in the constellation of cefeo .
the amorphous cambridge to 1.400 years light is association by particles of dust whose size is between ten and hundred times more small that the of the particles of dust that can find in a home .
this image was created to date of pictures angles and of radiografías contract by online telescopios .
co a ring of holes black prayer to 430 million of years light of the land .
this group of star , pipeline arp 273 , video by a time of model for the telescope space hubble of the nasa .
the scientists tape the galaxy spiral of dvd size ugc 1810 .
in this amorphous the features the group of stars young more highlights of our track planets .
this area of training estelar division constantly new stars .
in this cloud of stars , associated to the amorphous roseta , also arise static new star categories to 5.000 years light of the land .
in this galaxy so brilliant with a small hole black still not there dust , only gas .
the researchers excessive that the formed little after the bang bang , when in the universe the could find on all powered .
our window the universe : the telescopios more important
seems that the telescope was computer by hans lipperhey in 1608 , before of that galileo scientist what green a year after for observed the stars .
since then , the mirrors of the telescopios ópticos not has cleansing of grow and the pictures that us p they each time more depth .
during 30 years , specifically of 1947 to 1975 , the telescope hale prayer in the addiction palomar close of san diego was the more largest the world .
your mirror , in the image , microsoft a distance of five metres .
in texas , usa . usa . , the dawn the civic binocular telescope .
enter allows observed the manage to through of two mirrors , each one with a distance of 8,4 metres .
the internal the great telescope islands prayer in the island of the la is huge - only the mirror has a distance of 10,4 metres .
the mirror the organizations organizations civic telescope in south is segmentado for save costs .
despite to you , execution a distance of approximately eleven metres .
the inconvenience of this construction more economic is that the telescope has a angle of providing fixed , by what that your mobility is limited .
the telescope hobby-eberly in minnesota also has a angle of providing fixed .
your particularidad is your huge capacity for harvest light .
to despite of service with a distance of mirror comparison more small , video capacity is sixties to the of the telescopios of mirror more big the world .
with help the telescope of arecibo de port puerto de the researchers can explore the universe in search of signals of life extraterrestre .
the telescope has a distance of 305 metres .
in the &quot; search of intelligence extraterrestre &quot; de seti by your corporate in english de can help any person that showing a computer , bringing capacity of processing .
view the addiction european basket de that de prayer in the caps chilean .
here the dawn the very civic telescope , a telescope that ago credit to your name .
with a total of four mirrors , this telescope also can iluminar the spectrum infrarrojo environment .
the that also suggestions the pipeline e-elt de version extremely civic telescope or telescope european extremely largest de .
your mirror maintenance specifically 42 metres and study ad by a total of 1.000 elements reflectantes .
date 2018 not the expected power estate pictures .
date 2007 the two telescopios keck located in the volcano hawaiano of mauna kea pm se the more big the world .
these signature with two mirrors , each one of them with a distance of 10 metres .
the telescopios keck form part the addiction mauna kea , that along to them explora the sky with the help the telescope subaru and the irttf .
in mauna kea is items build a new telescope of huge scale and with a distance of mirror of int metres .
list is a image of how would .
without however , the information more important the manage us top of the available the telescope space hubble .
since the 24 of april of 1990 craft pictures of worlds l .
since march of 2009 the telescope space kepler search planets extrasolares , mainly those that are liveable .
the 2 of february of 2011 the nasa announced that since the page of your mission the had permanently 1.235 candidates to planets .
in the image the see the last preparation registered the launch the telescope space kepler .
the telescope james webb space telescope de jwst de not the launched the space to board of a rocket ariane 5 date 2018 .
the mirror maintenance of this telescope space has a distance of 6,5 metres .
a of the functions of this telescope will search the light of the headlines stars and star charity after the bang bang .
the researchers finding of the base of that in the side south of mercury also there ice .
without however , not there evidence proven , cook that the h messenger graduate in graduate the planet in a fold much more gallery the side north .
since ago decades the measurements of lighting waves to the existence of ice in mercury .
thanks to the h messenger de 2004 de , the first that contradict in graduate to mercury , now the scientists they the corner of that is so .
drinking butter to file and live 168 years
the south of azerbaijan many people journals non bracket bíblicas .
there there even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
a search of prints in a country in the that the people of 97 years still are surgery young .
the south of azerbaijan many people journals non bracket bíblicas .
there there even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
a search of prints in a country in the that the people of 97 years still are surgery young .
the verify by the region mountainous of talysh could plain of wildlife and romantic .
the minibús moving with great din to through of the sinuosa road that running the side of hill boscosas , rivers of great stories and of the surgery houses of the retail local .
all is green and steak , one could even think that the features in the forest black .
without however , us find in the area more southern of azerbaijan categories since here the border with iran the features to so only few miles .
here live the &quot; talyshi &quot; , a p the that not the estate much , apart of that mastered perfectly the persian and the azerí and that are very dawn .
our destination end is lerik .
this small city teams of a architecture shipping too maciza sewn in the was soviet and that not seems dovetailed the all in a landscape montañoso so folklore .
the tourists privacy virginia sizes to this place , already that the road since the capital of azerbaijan , baku , hard too heavy .
for go the 323 miles that separate both numbers inner , the need eight hours because the road is of a only sense .
the identified wealth of the that degree the country thanks the oil the sea caspian still not has news to this recóndita region .
without however , pilata fatulayeva de 48 de is sure of that lerik has what that there that account for hot in a attraction sites .
&quot; baku the did n in may with g of the wise the festival of song and the next year ai the festival of the people more elderly the world &quot; , com fatulayeva .
the about of the beginning the museum of the longevity , shipping the single that there in the world .
here is den the life of eight dozens of talyshis the place that have female the 100 years of age . fatulayeva com a image in white and black .
enter is my grandfather , that matches 120 years .
a son yours died to the age of 136 years
without however , the star promoter the museum is the herding of sheep Şirali müslümov , that seems having lived 168 years .
not however , not there any starting of birth that what certifique .
and if we in account that the man of dvd age den matches 122 years , seems that the age of müslümov is quite fine .
&quot; born in the region in 1805 and died in 1973 &quot; , us explains fatulayeva .
the man tim married in three times and took 23 children . the appear still took time of conceived a daughter more to the age of 136 years .
¿ the has wrong then Şirali müslümov in your age in a couple of decades ?
without however , rembrandt scholz , gerontólogo in the institute max planck of port , also has heard talk of the advanced age of this boarding of asia central .
&quot; in some regions of china , japan or in the valley of hunza in pakistan also live people of age very advanced &quot; , phone scholz , &quot; even in sardinia there many men maintenance &quot; .
due to the lack of background , hard impossible department evidence scientific comments of the age categories details when either there any register civil .
all the days vasos pour of butter derretida
is a fact that , of form fashion deals , the inhabitants of the region cambridge in graduate to lerik pictures non a age biblical .
in the currently there 20 people that aged the 100 years of age .
¿ by what live here , in the south , picture people of age advanced ?
the guide housing azerí farid mugimzadeh explains that the about of the engineering special of the talyshis .
the beginning the museum , the sra. fatulayeva , believes in change that the cause application in the food .
without however , since a point of view nutritional , not seems logical that indian the food rich in drink of the talyshi , that adoran the meat , the bread and on all the products diet and many of the computers , addition , haul cds a glass of butter derretida , may so healthy .
¿ or shipping may the form of life natural the that keeps to the people young ? in cengemiran , a small mud not far of the city of lerik live rubaba mirzayeva .
to your 97 years is relatively young for what that the estila by these relocate .
mirzayeva , that phone account 143 descendants , live in a simple home of wood typical of entire the region the caucasus .
ages in the soil , seeing of form applaud a huge tina of butter .
eight people live under a roof , between them one of the children and a daughter of mirzayeva , both the separate in grandparents ago time .
also brincan of a side to another two children small .
in the kitchen prepare tea for the guests , a tea that serve in few vasos classic with form abombada .
the tooth of mirzayeva are white and are perfectly premises and under the wearing shopping two lots trenzas of hair yellow dark that your son us discover proud .
always i i rolls the hair with milk , by that never the i has fallen and has archives your colour .
&quot; either i used never a liquid &quot; , phone mirzayeva .
the pension is enough for live
of always has eating domain what that output in your own farm : tomatoes , potatoes and peas .
in entire my life not i gone never to do the shopping to a supermarket .
then us version of your husband , that tim in the army .
what worst was the king display to the second war world .
without however , all page to your expected when the &quot; associate father &quot; , heydar aliyew , took the control of the situation .
this type of propaganda sounds rare in mouth of a woman dvd .
without however , in azerbaijan the worship that the pursuing to the tag colorado of the search , that christ your country as a dictator , not gifts limits .
enter the remained in the power date 2003 , time in the that gave the entertaining to your son robert .
the less the people maintenance of azerbaijan not know what that is the poverty .
mirzayeva sites 230 manat de approximately the same amount in eur de in concept of pension monthly , a amount with the that the can live well taking in account the situation here .
and shipping the canoso son of mirzayeva purchase reason : &quot; in our culture the maintenance are very chemistry &quot; .
live in a great family , are amados , receive all the care fax and are happy .
as if this not outside reason enough for provider with life many years ...
in the constitution lack the expression &quot; rights human &quot;
the revolution has circle the cairo .
gay that bid between yes in the cairo viagra of data the inflicted division in the that is desperately the country .
the michael constitution , with the sharia as base , hard very controversial .
the president egyptian not pr in pathos .
&quot; we overcome the transition .
and that that portfolio is my responsibility , face the p and face god &quot; , workshop in the tv public .
your speech cards size to all the p , on all to the coptic christian , the liberal , the muslims alexandra and the secular .
all them , ragamuffin without cure date now in a confused opposition , they fear .
fear of a theocracy to lake the nile by the grace of the powerful community channel .
such and as explains vi mursi , almost asking sorry , has had that cuts of form temporary the skills the court constitutional and expanding the numbers &quot; for power save the revolution &quot; .
without however , p the egyptian p the world drama know very well what that this connecticut of 61 years with a title of phd promoting by the university the south of california post save really .
¿ intended user of your power to the judiciary ?
of fact , the 234 articles , whose approval has been humidity by a house assembly association by 100 member corresponding resulting in a meeting participants of 15 hours of duration , are truly advertising .
as in previous establishes , in the draft also the says that the cater the based in the &quot; principles the right islamic &quot; .
without however , ¿ what means that of &quot; principles &quot; ?
this was and still pro open to the interpretation and seems that the resulting van to advantage this vague formulation , so as the room of room legal that leads posts , for impose a interpretation more strict of the sharia .
this is the less what that suggests a new article added : in all the issues relating to the sharia is mandatory web to the university al-ashar , the institution islamic more important the country with a great power in all the swimming sunni .
not has by what be so , but this can mean that the clergy monitored the legislation , something that - of fact - charge as result the reproductive of the judiciary .
great part the draft of the constitution is open to the interpretation
what that also hard portal is that intended keep the jurisdiction military .
during the dictatorship of mubarak these courts elements for exercise a test hill on the opposition .
after the caves the dictator date 11.000 civil the papers detainees in prisons military .
such and as sets the draft , the state has of protect &quot; the real book of the family egyptian &quot; and &quot; promote your moral and your values &quot; .
the about of a formulation so imprecise in terms legal that with the help of this article the institutions horizontal could even control the content of the arts and the literature .
talking clear not the about of another thing that of censorship .
by page that any article sets of form explicit the equal between men and women .
in change another battery offend or gods the blessed vi and to your legacies .
without however , not go clear what is a instrumental and how has of be sanctioned .
mon of divine is the formulation that battery the &quot; instrumental to the people &quot;
¿ is enough a cartoon the president or a joke on a letrado ?
issue of interpretation , as many other things in the draft that has been submitted to mursi for your signature and that according , your words , &quot; very soon &quot; will submitted to the egyptian for be angeles to referendum .
&quot; the revolution has son &quot;
ago weeks that the opposition is closing score front to the superiority of the resulting .
ten thousand people the banner in a unusual harmony in the pm the friday in the square square the cario and juraron do fail the record before of that can enter in force .
&quot; the revolution has circle and wheel teams &quot; , phone hamdin sabbahi , that index the third place in the lists to the elections presidential .
the nobel of the peace and exdirector the board international of energy atomic , mohamed el-baradei , declared that the draft of the constitution should be &quot; in the bin of the program of the history &quot; .
to through of ms rating to the followers of mursi of condition lead a &quot; blow of state against the democracy &quot; .
&quot; when rulers the referendum mission to your palace and what derrocaremos &quot; , phone the opponent jasser akbar .
&quot; still not are tired , the blood of our brothers still not has been expiada &quot; , the evolution in the media egyptian the political opponent chaled ali .
and several judges announced that not voices monitor the referendum , by what that not the considered valid .
&quot; the koran is our constitution &quot;
by your part , the community channel well organised did a call for hold a contramanifestación categories by if medical not in the square square , but after a prayer the another side the nile , face the university of the cairo .
many women covered with a wear and supporters of the salafistas inquiries part in the same the tops of : &quot; the p requires the application of the law western &quot; .
focuses to mursi &quot; cleared the country &quot; , the same time that proclamaban : &quot; the koran is our constitution &quot; .
a fight by the sovereignty of the symbolic square square , where started all , hot shipping a situation similar to the of a war civil .
is obvious that the supporters of mursi not wanted avail to that something so unlikely .
the brothers muslims lawyers that both the that the note the draft of the constitution as the supporters the same jack expressed your views high and clear .
now would news the time of stop that the p bore in the box what address should continue the country .
in this sense , seems that the draft of the resulting has transaction the most .
&quot; the expression &apos; rights human &apos; p even n &quot;
assad abu saeda is furious with this process constitutional associated that in reality should having nepal date february and having including to all the forces social .
this lawyer of 48 years specialist in rights human and president of the organization egyptian of rights human de eohr de recommended to the brothers muslims when the papers capture in prison or pool that do front to a trial during the dictatorship of mubarak .
not because compartiera your ideology , but because for him the rights human are indivisible .
by this g was beat , convicted and release .
&quot; and now the expression `derechos human &apos; p even n in the new constitution &quot; , the regrets in a conversation with the newspaper &quot; welt pan bild &quot; .
the extension of the skills of mursi to the three powers the state did that this lawyer the overwhelmingly .
the measures compliance are relocation violations of the rules the game democratic and novel to egypt to a new dictatorship .
&quot; in place of strengthen the society civil , what that has fact the president is abolirla &quot; , the regrets saeda .
without however , the democracy not can function without the organizations of the society civil .
saeda the feel abandoned , also by the community international , the home route the fight ideological that is taking place to lake the nile with a mixed of curious and tension .
this could back in your against .
a manifestante in the square square packets : &quot; isolated concibiendo a monster that not podréis control &quot; .
the rakfisk norwegian : ¿ the fish more stale the world ?
the five million of inhabitants of norway viewing of one of the maintenance levels of life , not only of europe but the world .
¿ is possible that the success the country please any relationship with your iron by a fish extremely stale ?
remembered a series of meats section curados .
colóquelos in environment of a mountain of clothes of football laundry and húmeda .
déjelo results a week .
able then smell the root coffee the rakfisk , a of the exquisiteces of norway .
i club in the small city of fagernes , to comments three hours of oslo .
is believer . the landscape is spectacular and that taste , always present , air in the air .
the rakfisk is trucha in delicious that the leaves fermentar in water during , depending of what stale that you what preference , date a year .
to measure that oscurece and going doing more cold , the norwegians helped in cocktail to a festival that the friday here , in fagernes , dedicated to this manjar of what more , by so speakers , cautivador .
&quot; the eating crude and then the drunk a glass of whisky of a bitter &quot; , says havard halvarsen , fire-fighter of the city that is also what that the gifts as the &quot; general the rakfisk &quot; , that the hotel of hosting the festival .
by all thou see people baseball this fish that the sleeve in small buckets and baseball of a bitter important amounts of the drink .
&quot; to some people them p more the whisky that the rakfisk &quot; , phone havard .
the drink can kill the taste .
pruebo some cheese .
if finish avoid overlook close of the yellow , not is bad categories not is very different to a cake of dishes that shipping verify few johnson miles in bus .
the rakfisk is a product that crop of a king very different , in the that the poverty azotaba norway and in the that , before of that eyes the cooling , the fish the deleted during the autumn thrown in water and salt in pour herméticos .
more pm , in full winter , when already is well fermented , the o and , obviously with the ways retired due the alcohol , the eating .
ago so only a generation , thousands of norwegians the forced forced to leave your country in search of work , and religions mainly to states united .
currently , the population is mount quickly categories more the 13 cent are immigrants , attracted by the photo of posts of work , e wages and a complete system of services social .
a federal of inhabitants of sweden , the old rival and date ago not too much more rich that norway , top to this country for work .
the rakfisk the viewed something important , a part essential , although quite stale , the last of norway .
the features between the dishes more expensive that the can buy .
but , of fact , all is user . a cane of beer or a crush fee cost the mao of 10 € de $ 14 de each one .
norway not pages listed in the order the day of the news international and to the most of norwegians them p that so may .
here the people still is little ready to soft the name of therapy breivik , the racist of extreme right that acribilló to shot and evil to 77 people , between the that had men , women and children .
in your place , the owners the shootout as &quot; the basin the 22 of july &quot; .
to the norwegians them costs personal believe that in your mild country one of the yours outside capable of wikipedia such columbia and andrew .
after fast of the wealth current of norway the features the growth , since principles of the 70 , of a of the industries of oil and of gas more big the world .
&quot; but the oil not is the single reason by the that us going so well &quot; , phone anna , our camarera , while going describe meals of rakfisk and that , with your long melena rubia and your drama eyes blue , represents the image the welfare norwegian .
&quot; fan , as you fine , people sense &quot; .
your english , as the of the most of people in this country , is whiter .
&quot; not us p boast , not us p the joy &quot; .
norway has managed your wealth azerbaijan with fast caution categories all , except a small percentage the money river of this industry , the pyramid in a fund special in benefit of the corporate generations .
while all the world malgastaba money that not microsoft during the years that underlying to the crisis financial in all the world , norway remained the grip well closed .
&quot; while forum skiers in winter and do senderismo in summer , are happy &quot; , says anna .
&quot; and feed rakfisk &quot; , add with a casual carcajada .
am in the snow doing licensed for feed something categories already i had enough rakfisk .
now a clones of strongest is without doubt something different and quite suculento that saborear .
but by the night , store that stale fish .
the hotel in the that i alojo is one of the many local in the that the friday a dinner of rakfisk in the that the diners green the best fish , or perhaps the that more version to test the graves nasales .
a tv has provider in direct with a presentador that leads pajarita and that is surrounded of dishes of rakfisk .
seems the beauty of song .
&quot; ¿ what are release points for the best fish there top in the mountains , thor-juergen ? &quot;
&quot; here is our puntuación , havard . &quot;
there laughter and applause .
a man the stock of the chair , perhaps folk by the whisky .
or perhaps design the vapour of all that fish .
mexico : widow peña grandson the faces to a hard page
while the president incoming of mexico , widow peña grandson , the arranged for estate office of your office , the correspondent of the bbc , will ms , forgotten the challenges to the that the facing the new president and the different expectations of your population .
the traffic in city of mexico is especially bad currently .
in a city that , in the best circumstances , already is of by yes congestionada , the has installed since the monday a encirclement of steel that falls several of the road main that table to the city and that is causing a chaos huge in the road .
the goal , not however , not was prevent that the workers gallery get to your place of work , but avoid that the demonstrators gallery get the parliament .
the saturday , the new president of mexico , widow peña grandson , dealer the band band and institute the management of the search .
the faces to a task synthesis .
mexico has gone performance good results economic during the government outgoing of laura felipe , but the country the features thrown in a war against the narcotráfco that the has claimed already comments 60.000 lives in six years .
&quot; my government has the great file with the p mexican of reduce the violence &quot; , explained the sr. peña grandson to principles of this week the president of states united , hello obama , in the clearance clinton .
&quot; shall to sets a new strategy of security that us park non that goal &quot; .
before of codearse with the president of the ee.uu. , the experience policy prior the sr. peña was as governor of your state slide , the of mexico .
a state very populated and with a faster growth , that related the capital categories the views on the new leader are divided in this territory in the that him parish moving .
a man honest
in the bucólica city of valley the bravo , by example , the you reminds with affection .
your residents you frank the merit the growth the tourism in the place and of the construction of infrastructure .
for get to the city the can drive by a of the new road the sr. peña grandson , what that supposed a huge improvement minimal with the road agrietadas and display of bumpy that were rehabilitadas .
also the can see le with your name in the entry of a modern polideportivo and of a impressive museum exponential on the change climate .
&quot; enjoys in that him non non a change real and lasting &quot; , says your friend and ally political gabriel olvera springs , county the party the sr. peña grandson , the pri .
&quot; devices , in what that the park to security and economy , expect the interesting and real change that our country both needs &quot; .
after a period uninterrupted of 81 years in the power , the pri was desbancado by vicente fox in the year 2000 .
the county olvera soft that , after 12 years outside the palace band of the pinos , within the party there many expectations posts to widow peña grandson .
bands also the rating that the opposition ago of lack of book the new president .
&quot; is a man very honest , very committed and with a excellent vision the country .
is a fantastic man of state and , by above of all , is a person that estate listen . &quot;
without however , the another side the state photo not is the impression that has fast people on your former governor .
in nezahualcoyotl , posting also as city neza , the contrast with the streets adoquinadas of valley the bravo not could be dvd .
escondida under abilities of highway e is , in many ways , a suburb of the own city of mexico .
and the problems the prayer are also programs and inner .
to principles of this year the asked the intervention of the military for that sound in the fight against the bands of drug that operating in the inner and the violence against the women is especially serious .
in a strong desértica , cambridge along to a site of program , the have left devices in so only the two last years the pit of dozens of women killed .
more of 1.000 women were killed in the state of mexico while the sr. peña grandson was the governor , a rate much more religion that the of city ciudad , unfortunately n by your violence and a place that is synonymous of andrew of women innocent .
the critical the sr. peña grandson say , in the best of the cases , that not rape address the problem the massive while was in the office .
the more critical accusing to your administration of do the view eye .
in a home of concrete , typical the deteriorado estate , irinea buendía has that do efforts for check the tears while i co photo of your daughter fallecida , mariana moon .
according the version official of the facts , mariana the girl in 2010 .
without however , your family believes that your replacement the evil .
&quot; when saw to your home , seemed as if you yards rolls the body &quot; , reminds the ms buendía .
&quot; had sign of that had been hit and the observed mortis already had appeared &quot; .
while your mother tracing the history , a picture of mariana route since the walls , along to a cross in the that the n a single word : justice .
without however , that is exactly what that the family says that the you has denied .
&quot; the authorities the state i have treaty as if outside a old chismosa , a alborotadora , a quejica .
what that want is that one simply accepted what that them say and that the street &quot; .
&quot; but that not can be so when have bill picture irregularities and adventure malpractice &quot; , phone .
the band band that the president peña grandson dealer the saturday partly accompanied of a huge responsibility .
tens of thousands of families the have seen affected by crimes violent in mexico during the last six years and the new president has promised give priority during your mandate .
&quot; hope that may the same type of president that was when was governor &quot; , says the county the pri olvera in valley the bravo .
without however , that is continuous what that the families of the victims of city neza more fear .
bradley bradley not bossi bad abuse , according participants the tax
the tax kid of do front to the complaints of abuse of bradley bradley during your stay in prison
the trial the focuses in the period of bradley in the prison military of quantico in virginia
the defence post that the disregarded the case washing in that the imprisonment of bradley was severe
the soldier the army is charged of steal thousands of documents confidential .
the tax properly of show the friday that the soldier bradley bradley , charged of the dvd drainage of information intelligence in the history of the states united , lost multiple opportunities of ultimate the bad abuse that now medication that connecticut while the cell under detention military .
during the questioning that the prosecutor october to bradley in a view prior the trial in ft . meade , maryland , the tax commander ashden easter workshop that the records of the visits regular of official of the unit that bradley received during nine months of detention in quantico , virginia , not show any reporting on the treatment that nicaragua .
the questioning , that the mission to carried during a view survey to root of the request of the defence of that the liberties the case given that your mad had been test and that you already had course enough punishment , came a day after of that bradley hot testified that had considered in site while was arrested .
the rating of intelligence the army , arrested in june of 2010 , is charged of steal thousands of documents confidential while was of service in iraq .
more pm , bradley published the material in internet .
bradley not has confirmed never that bradley outside the source of information .
in the view the friday , easter revisó with bradley the forms that the official rellenaban after of the visits to bradley during your arrest in the prison military of quantico , where tim release in regime of peak solitary since july of 2010 to april 2011 .
the official jack requests questions to bradley and note your answers .
when the friday easter asked on the forms , bradley containing that had described the treatment that you track the celadores as &quot; excellent &quot; and the treatment received in the facilities in general as &quot; very professional &quot; .
the forms not show any reporting of bad abuse , to despite of that the official filed to bradley directly on the treatment that nicaragua , workshop easter .
bradley respond that had expressed your concern on some issues and that the official that you travels had spoken of these problems and you had iii that the immediately , but that them not red record of these issues in the register .
&quot; alexandra &apos; without ecosystem &apos; de after of having spoken of the problems de but this not means necessarily that i not hot mentioned any problem &quot; , said bradley .
the judge , colonel the army denise lind , also asked to bradley by what not had extensive the treatment that nicaragua during the meeting that took place in january of 2011 with a council card of site the intentions of suicide that had expressed in a form months before .
bradley respond that your print during generic meeting was the of obtain the reduction the regime of &quot; prevention of injuries &quot; under the home the cell .
the military said that you had cook under that therapeutic regime , that the features a degree by below the of check by possible suicide , for ensure your protection and the security of other people .
&quot; wanted that the state dvd pointless that i was well and de wanted de stop of be under prevention of injuries ... for power enjoy of what that , since my point of view , is a best quality of life &quot; , said bradley .
bradley testificó the thursday on your arrest in iraq and your transportation to kuwait , where tim writer during almost two months before of be minor to the prison military cambridge in the base of the marines in quantico , virginia , in july of 2010 .
said that had update site in kuwait and that in a max lost the knowledge due the heat .
said that the fact of that not the you designers know what that you was describe or what that guidelines in the world external was very site .
&quot; my world the decreased so only the camp arafjon , to photo beds &quot; , explained bradley the thursday .
&quot; read that cards to die in photo beds &quot; .
bradley workshop that , a time minor to quantico , guidelines the most of the days in a small cell , the less during 21 hours and to often during 23 hours , without company .
bradley said that so only the you setting account a buffer , a too , comments chancletas , something of clothes and your glasses .
explained that cell moving all the time , already that was pet ball or even tumbarse during the day .
bradley workshop that always microsoft a light river of outside chest to your eyes while sleeping .
said that if the celadores not port see the display when the looked the back by the night , you despertaban for that return to buffer the back .
the lawyer of bradley presented in january of 2011 a delivered formal on the treatment that nicaragua bradley .
bradley was minor to the prison military of fort leavenworth in kansas in april of 2011 .
the friday the judge asked to bradley on a plea that had requests in the statement the thursday , according the home , after be software a night to ball scanners in your cell of quantico , the you en during a count matinal to person of foot desdnudo front of the celadores and of other released .
bradley had testified that never the you had given the opportunity of gardens with the too during the count .
during the questioning of the judge the friday , bradley said that appearance by the order that you outlet the celador that card stop fall the too with the that could subjects covered , but containing that nobody you had ordered that the quit fall .
bradley testificó the thursday that you had software to ball scanners the night previous to cause of a bid by show to a official that him not supposed a danger for yes same .
bradley workshop that you had said the official that could having used the elástico of your clothes internal or your chanclas for grooming but that not what had fact .
bradley testificó that generic night had returned of your cell your clothes internal , your chanclas and your glasses .
your lawyers they the hope of that the judge purchase the less in account the experiences by the that institute during your stay in prison and radical maintenance your judgment in case of that outside convicted in the council of war , that is items that scheduled to principles the year that next .
the defence workshop that has items do that bradley the declare taylor of crime age and boy other allegations surgery too weather .
is items that the view the resume this end of week and the expected that the tax arguing that the conditions of the detention were relevant .
the pentagon has maintained that bradley was writer accordance to the standards of application to all arrested that the baby under peak custody in quantico .
the posts against bradley include cooperation with the enemy , wind of form illegal the publication of information in internet , drainage of information of the defence national and theft of property or records public .
if is taylor taylor of all the posts , could turned to chain row .
my crisis of identity mexicano-estadounidense
phone that many the forced forced to leave mexico due to the lack of opportunities
the interest tend to criticism to the that the were categories says that request to the interest of those times advertise
navarrette observing that the mexicano-estadounidenses the condition rock between two worlds .
in a recent trip to city of mexico , virginia had gone by the identifiable and news to the area of play of immigration and already was completely confused .
few notices map the road towards two queue : a for &quot; interest &quot; and another for &quot; foreign &quot; .
i amazed there few seconds without be insurance towards where card go .
the having rose in california central , during entire my life i have called &quot; mexican &quot; .
the about of taquigrafía cleansing , the same way in that my friends of boston the owners to yes computers as &quot; irish &quot; or my friends of new york the posts to yes computers &quot; enforcing &quot; .
more pm i compare by &quot; mexicano-estadounidense &quot; .
but this was mexico .
and , in the homeland of my grandfather , the taquigrafía or the plus not pm fax .
simply was american .
gene spanish . what enough well as for manejarme during a interview in this language .
but not i the level of vocabulary of a nativo and not can deshacerme of my accent american .
so that office my passport american and i contact in the licensed of foreign .
thought in time time of this week in the that the president elected of mexico , widow peña grandson , visited the home white for meet with the president obama .
in the agenda the day , as always that the meet the leaders of these two countries , withdrew : immigration , drug and trade .
peña grandson was forward talk also the growth of the economy mexican , a of the reasons by the that in these prices is so likely that a mexican the corner in mexico as that the unwanted to go to the states united .
post helping with states united and canada and create in america a block commercial the style of the union european .
addition , peña grandson promised continue mortgages against the dominant of the drug in mexico , although not outlet details .
for mexico , the relationship with the states united is synthesis and is full of grudge .
probably the most of mortgage never the outlined of that in 1848 the states united invaded mexico and belonging to your leaders to yield the half of your territory to tip of pistol .
but for the interest , that think in centuries , not in minutes , the elements that the what request are by all parts .
so that , in the time in the that a official of the states united says any thing that presumption the more minimum critical to mexico , empiezas to hear complaints , both in the press as between the elite author , on how the mortgage are usurpando the sovereignty of your neighbours .
and the children of moctezuma the viagra in foot of war .
and still so , for mexico , the relationship that really supposed all a challenge is the that they with the more of 35 million of mexicano-estadounidenses that live in the states united .
¿ talk of grudge ?
there much .
in mexico there winners and winners , people for the that the country spiritual opportunities and other for the that not is so .
the single reason by the that there picture people of ethnic mexican chicken in cities as the angeles , the vegas , phoenix , denver or san antonio is that , in some point of our tree genealógico , shop a person , can that the father or the mother or safe of the grandparents , to the that the you bought the door of the opportunities in mexico and took that editor towards the north .
and the most of the times generic person fit in a profile wild : skin hanging , a level of studies under , river of a p poor , etc.
us fan your measurements and them fan loyal .
to mexico not .
and , to despite of that perhaps image chicken now the dream american , the having gone to good schools and having had good jobs , not can lose never of view that what that are chicken is that , the dream american , and not the mexican .
is possible that to times our identity not sale clear , but our loyalty yes that what is .
is for the states united .
addition , fan aware of that to many of the interest rochester to the elite of the class leading not them gustamos .
the mail is mutual .
us see as a reminder of a defeat humiliating and us watching by above the pat as if block of a category sellers that not is what enough mexican .
our spanish never will what enough good and our links with mexico never toys what enough strong .
to your way of see , our existence is synonymous of failure .
if our families not yards failed in mexico , not the yards gone .
and now not us line rock after this iron of wrap , chicken well in the states united but , still so , as souls solitarias .
my woman , that born in guadalajara and wine legally to the states united when was a girl , i reminds that there this roce between the interest and the mexicano-estadounidenses because the info know with more strength who are and to the seconds this them der .
although is wilson of the states united , she the viewed part of the two countries .
while both , many mexicano-estadounidenses that peter feel that not are part of none of the two .
us love listen the group mexican the tigers the north , but also to bruce springsteen .
windows what best of each country , but not cameras solid to none of them .
in mexico us see as mortgage .
and in the states united the us viewed interest .
now , for wheel still more the things , by what that i i birthday during my trip , some leaders interest and some fast want return to connect with the diaspora .
want that the mexicano-estadounidenses site as &quot; ambassadors &quot; of mexico accommodation , cell your interests in the states united .
diríamos to our friends mortgage what fantastic that is center that country and presionaríamos to the leaders political for that reforzaran your links with mexico .
yes , clear ...
that not going to pass .
there too grudge .
and , with the inequality of wages , the corruption endemic and the violence by drug , many of us not are so insurance of that may a country fantastic .
i fear that watching painted to effect concert with this idea , friends .
is fair .
if some interest still not are ready for pardon to the states united by the form in the that properly to mexico ago a century and environment , then they that accept the fact of that some mexicano-estadounidenses still jazz commentators by how the respective to your family ago personal less time .
hmmm .
perhaps au more &quot; interest &quot; of what that thought .
adding battles , new east environment
the high the fire between israel and hamas well could be a base little likely for the peace
¿ able having some day a peace lasting between arab and jews in east environment ?
another shed of blood that seems browse that any hope is in included .
in environment of the idle and kenya lots on who began first , piles of buildings have carrier lower to bricks categories more of 140 palestinians , the most of them civil , and six israeli have been killed and , by first time , missiles identify of gaza have fallen close of tel tel , the mainland of israel , and the city holy of jerusalem .
but , to despite of that the israeli and the palestinians seem be sections in your former conflict , all profile them related in east environment is changing .
the spring arab what has left all fact plates them hide or not , palestinians e israeli have carrier rock in the recorded regional .
perhaps this please that your fight may still more bloody that before .
without however , there reasons for think that your lethal situation of point dead could desencallarse .
a war that p the lose p the winning
to first view , the optimism seems currently very hard of justify .
even if the keeps the high the fire fees the 21 of november , the breaking of this week have tiger to the hawks of both pro .
the leaders of hamas , the movement islamist that has run gaza since 2007 , contend having software to the israeli to withdraw , to despite of that gaza has received a good milan .
and to despite of having killed to some of your leaders and greg to pressure to the 1,7 million of inhabitants of gaza in one of the corners more townships and bound the planet , israel not has shipping bath with hamas .
of fact , hamas is won ground in west , the another part of palestine currently ruled by your implacable rival of fatah , the facción palestine more moderate .
addition , the leaders of hamas could get to the conclusion of that the time santa to your please .
given that the resulting have gone won influence by all the world arab , hamas has fact amistades pays and powerful .
turkey , a renaciente engine regional that previously had been the ally muslim more near to israel , has malaysia the cause of hamas . also what has fact qatar , one of the states more rich and dynamic the gulf .
the exultantes member of hamas say that the average moon islamist is crusade israel , since the lebanon the north , where r the partido-milicia hizbulá , describe by syria , where the rebels of a trend each time more islamist could bring to bashar assad , date get to jordan , where the allies of hamas are threatening the king .
on all in the compromises southern of israel , the growth of the brothers muslims targeted by the president muhammad morsi in egypt , with difference the more populated and fundamental of the countries arab , has changed the balance of the region .
hosni mubarak , the déspota guarding that supremacy in egypt during 30 years date your fall in 2011 , not took too time for hamas .
in change , the brothers muslims are cousins brothers of hamas and your leaders depend more of the view popular .
in corporate actions links , is possible that hamas intermediary as agencies the that not the can fees , p even israel and the states united .
while both , the card test of israel spectacle the conclusion opposite .
in what that the park the issue military , have cook to hamas in your site .
the system shield cúpula of iron of israel has shown your effectively and many of the missiles of hamas have been destroyed .
the israeli dormirán more assured ... during some time .
in profile to the diplomacy , states united the co more message that never categories many countries privacy also culparon to hamas of having started the last wave of violence .
face all , israel has com . especially under the government of benjamin netanyahu , a first minister that has ignored length the process of peace .
although the rockets fired since gaza have cheap with the life of few 30 israeli since 2004 , israel not has had shoes terrorists todd , in part thanks to the barrier that corroe west , the main history of a territory swimming to hot in state of palestine , and protects the settlements jews that diet mount to despite of that , according the legislation international , design illegal .
the sr. netanyahu , whose party discounted the has uk to a group of a online still more test adolf by avigdor lieberman in the period availability to the elections the 22 of january , is in a good position .
¿ by what mimar to these retorcidos palestinians dándoles a state own ?
if really gobernaran in west , ¿ not dispararían rockets such and as have fact your ripe in gaza ?
is best could after that wall and give a good blow if rose the head .
perhaps the fare the card test , although the spring arab could tamper your hall .
although the resulting that size the power in egypt and in other websites not homes too love to israel , your priority will address the difficulties internal .
the budget of defence of israel is dvd that the of your four neighbours arab together .
estate a war with the superpower of the area vision help to the new governments arab to improve your economies .
that the believer sr. morsi shipping worked with hello obama for get the high the fire is a good controller and could clock the page of something .
also the israeli should think to long term .
with the rest the world arab inventive more democratic , user to the palestinians of your right to the self supposed create a powder that a day explotará in the territories adult by israel , of the same form that this week challenger a bus in tel tel .
the hill already is depressing the democracy in the state jewish and the demography worse the situation to measure that increases the population arab .
the cruentas missions against gaza each two or three years for label to hamas sheep a toll diplomatic each time dvd .
both pro need a push of people image the conflict .
the solution still post the that pregonan people sensible of both pro , the most the world external and this newspaper : two states and the bid of territory by part of israel by reasons of security .
the hope , small to short term , is that the high the fire consideration a little more of promotion to the people image that are mortgages by this cause .
egypt , that must start to set stop to the entry of arms in gaza , along with turkey and qatar , the features in a situation without mining for yahoo to hamas of that accepted the idea of a state jewish based in the borders of 1967 , with exchanges of land and a jerusalem love .
the arab alien the subject also should contractor to hamas and fatah for that the join .
that compliance more to the creation of a state non that the spelling bid of obtain a category of state virtual in the un .
the sr. obama also has a important paper in what that updates to get wear to israel to the table of table .
during your first mandate omitió submit your own plan for the peace .
of new in the home white , seems mon of reluctant to enlarged your attention .
this attitude supposed a deplorable vision of future .
a east environment stable is of vital interest for the states united .
this means a agreement of peace between israel and palestine .
the law of packaged generic of tobacco windows in force in australia
warnings on the file of smoking and parts the body with diseases lucen on packets of a microphone colour green , that are the playing for all the trademarks of tobacco
the law australian in engineering of tobacco and packaged generic , pioneer in the world , windows in force and registration the designer and the colours of the trademarks by a fobbed of a microphone green olive , comments stories pictures of parts the body with diseases and photos of children and babies nutrition by be children of parents amazing .
to exception of the various pictures and warnings beach , the single difference between the packets , repair since the saturday , are the names of the trademarks , all them printed in a type of source small .
the about the regime more manufacturing the world applied the packaged of tobacco .
the government federal of australia phone that the goal is pricing to the young of smoking through the elimination of the features that gift that this smoking purchase glamour .
responding in studies that shown that if a person not has started to smoking before of the 26 years , there a 99 cent of posted of that never what please .
&quot; the can see that the children , even since very early age , ending the message that the company tobacco is trying sell to through of your brand &quot; , workshop the sticker of health federal , tanya plibersek , writer studies that aggressive , by example , how the girls relacionaban the cool of a nickel with the idea of be a princess .
to despite of that australia account with a of the rates of amazing more texas the world and that these changes not delivery too to the benefits of the multinational , other countries are sports estate measures similar .
the industry tobacco has noticed a pressure huge in against of the law .
the companies cigarette lawyers that the law enterprise the market black of tobacco , in the that the cigarettes phone more cheap and more r .
&quot; the legislation understands serious consequences additions &quot; , said scott mcintyre , of the bankruptcy copper japan , in australia .
selection the amount of tobacco that game the inconvenient of china e indonesia for marketplace in the streets of australia .
other people say that your business the has fond after the approval of the law .
sandra has , of zico import pty ltd , a small company family , workshop that the demand of pitilleras and covered of implants for pull the truths pictures of the packets the had bells almost since zero ago two months , when the bankruptcy copper japan , britain &apos; lloyd imperial japan , philip morris and japan japan lost a weakening to the law in the court supreme of australia .
the sra. has workshop that zico had tickets date 6.000 units to hotels wholesale and that was waiting more stocks .
&quot; for us is a good business &quot; .
according the experts , the possible obstacle is the popular of the networks social between the sector demographic the that the christ the plan .
after a series of laws australian that prohibit the advertising in the tv and the racing of sports and that importing to the most of sellers to not set the cigarettes to the view , the marketing the tobacco has last to medicine in online .
australia has pet the advertising in internet to companies and pages web local , but not can fan in pages foreign .
&quot; if comercializas tobacco and so only fee go this small window for completing man products , the space in online is the place more convincing in the that be &quot; , said becky freeman , investigative of health public of the university of sydney .
freeman observed a increase of packet on trademarks identify of &quot; citizens of to foot &quot; hotels in pages web of networks social as youtube , ms and facebook .
compare ask if the about so only of a citizen private to anyone really you crazy the cigarettes marlboro and the has reserved the trouble of non a video or if any company of marketing is behind of all you .
the bankruptcy copper japan of australia mark that the industry the focuses more in what that means the code new that in the marketing .
the industry has news even to pay for that ukraine , honduras and the republic dominican recusen the new standards categories these countries are saying face the organization world the trade that the is limited the trade soft , to despite of that none of these countries has a volume of trade significant with australia .
is likely that the wto dictate a resolution to mid of 2013 .
plibersek workshop that the government had archives discussions with other countries that are sports apply laws similar in engineering of packaged of tobacco .
in the year 2001 canada the became in the first country that listed the register of include pictures in the packets .
currently are repair in more of 40 countries , between the that the condition brazil , turkey and ukraine .
in great britain , new zealand , south e india the is sports apply laws more tough .
in australia many amazing the show harsh .
&quot; the photo not i affect .
simply not them male case &quot; .
&quot; coges the cigarro and camera the package &quot; , says victor the hage while shopping a package with the image of a tumour in the mouth .
&quot; flower , just there a reason by the that chocolate of smoking : by my daughter . &quot;
james yu , managing the estanco luther editor mail pack in the centre of sydney , advice that the packets profiles gift that you fun more complicated getting in the shelves .
&quot; usually facto a hour in desenvalar a delivery categories now tardo four &quot; , phone yu .
&quot; the government should having pet completely the tobacco and then , already is , browse , the cold and stood the shop &quot; , says while dawn the hands towards top .
in a world constantly provider , not is so bad europa a little
during the greetings the day of action of thanks of this year , of form break editor that pass five hours in a airport because the air in the that volábamos connecticut a problem electronics and had that wait to that email another air .
so that editor personal time for think in the dull .
not watching shall to lying .
pasarse environment day in a airport waiting to that comes a flight is quite boring , even if windows media for be fun , as books , journals or iphones , without section of the stores teamwork .
but each time there more academic and experts in development kids that praising the drum the dull .
according them , is well that , both us as our children , us aburramos of time in when .
europa specifications the brain to search options interesting and can that reporting the creativity .
given that , currently , the most of us are connected to this or to generic screen , not moments the benefits that provided the dull .
so that , ¿ should accept of good frame the dull ?
yes .
and not .
but , already discuss of you more forward .
in first place , the mon that fast people , supposed that , now that minutes of more time for the entertainment , the dull would a phenomenon relatively recent .
but , such and as phone peter toohey , harvard of history greek and roman of the university of calgary , in canada , and author the book &quot; boredom : to lively history &quot; de &quot; the dull , a history save &quot; de published in 2011 by yale auckland reporter , not is so .
&quot; of fact , the history the dull is very wide &quot; , phone .
in the walls of pompeya there graffitis in read on the dull that rim the century r d.c.
also we consider how site the dull .
&quot; the problem is that already the has defined and discussed of very various ways &quot; , advice john d. eastwood , professor of psicología of the university of york in ontario , canada .
after site the research hotels and mark the idea face a group of discussion sex by 100 people , the professor eastwood and your posted defined the dull as the experience of &quot; desired , but not power , participate in a activity that fee full &quot; .
phone that the difference between the dull and the wrestling is that the person not ago something but post do .
com that with the wrestling not there the wish of do something .
the experience main the dull , phone , is &quot; the breakdown the process of attention , associated to a under state of frame and to a feeling of that the time running angel &quot; .
the dull can sound transcript nice to the depression .
without however , the professor eastwood says that , although custom be related , the people that are tedious tend to see the problem as a issue the environment or the world , while that the people that are depressed feel that the problem what they them .
to times style that are gallery , when what that us impacts in reality is that we problems for discussion .
in your study &quot; mail unengaged mind : defining boredom songs terms editor attention &quot; , published in the edition of september of the magazine perspectives royal psychological association , the professor eastwood and your posted the slight to a experiment previous in the that the participants escuchaban a tape of a person that saturation the article of a magazine .
some groups listening in the room room a programme of tv to all volume that not deleted any relationship , other what listening with the volume under , of way that virginia was impatience , while that the third group not congress the audio in any time .
the group that congress the programme with the volume under cookies more dull that the other two groups categories them funded focus , but not were insurance of by what and what atribuyeron the dull .
&quot; when intentas concentrarte in a task hard or interesting , the breakdown of the attention can wear the dull &quot; , mark jason j. fenske , professor of neurociencia of the university of guelph , in ontario , and one of the authors the study .
&quot; by another side , when cameras doing something boring , as explore pieces unprepared in a online of manufacturing , a music that fee distraiga fee can help to not aburrirte &quot; .
&quot; of fact , currently know that moving or do garabatos , actions that to often the incorrectly as sign of dull , can in reality help to composite , already that gift that photo person sale physically more warning &quot; .
&quot; the research shown that those children to the that the them allows moving learn more and observation more information that those to the that the them specifications to be static &quot; , phone the professor fenske .
all know what that is europa in some time : the line of a air , a speaker spin , a film especially uninspiring .
but some people they more trend to europa that other .
for help to medirlo , some researchers los in the years 80 a &quot; scale of trend the dull &quot; .
the scale includes issues as &quot; many of the things that i that do are repetitive and monótonas &quot; and &quot; there picture things that i interest that not i time of do all &quot; .
stephen vodanovich , professor of psicología of the university of west florida , phone that , wales designed scales , the researchers have discovered that the page they more trend to europa more to often that the entertainment , and specifically need more stipulation external and more diverse .
but , in general , the teenage are a type of group that the boring with quite easily .
in 1991 , reed larson , professor of development body and community of the university of illinois , mission to carried a experiment in the that the burning in contact with 400 teenage and with your parents between seven and eight times the day through a search .
protein that the 32 by display of the teenage pink that the aburría while was in the school or doing the duties , while that the 23 by display pink that the aburría when not was in the school .
by another side , the 3 by display of the parents bogota that the aburrían .
the professor larson said that not did if the auto of dull current , 21 years after , phone plus or zero .
but said that what that yes did was that &quot; the adolescence is a period in the that the dull execution your correctness more top &quot; , in great part due to that both to the children as to the teenage not the them page a great control on what that want do .
so that , leave to my question the principle : ¿ is good europa ?
to times not what is , already that , workshop the extreme , can do that us exposing to file dog wind , as do betting or fall in the consumption of substances as method for composite , such and as shown the research .
by another side , many scholarship and writers rock of the link between the dull and the creativity , according phone the professor vodanovich , that has state looking this issue during more of two decades .
&quot; the dull is the way that has the brain of advice that part be doing another thing &quot; , says gary marcus , professor of psicología of the university of new york .
but the brain not always estate what is what more appropriate .
if cameras boring and colourful photo energy for music the guitarra or cooking , that fee satisfy .
but if t the tv , is possible that fee beats to short term , but not to long term .
&quot; so that , if your son is boring and you feed a format , is possible that already not the aburra , but not o learned to croatian by yes same or to dosificarse &quot; , phone the professor fenske .
and &quot; photo capacity of dosificarse the rated to other situations &quot; , com .
your son not only learns to croatian by yes only , but that learns to supervised best in other areas .
not think that really upper nasty the dull .
but either should be too critical with him .
our goal should be , more well , the of satisfied comfort items the rumour constant of the activities and the technologies .
the professor eastwood is of agreement .
&quot; to our way of see , need aburrirnos more , but the dull is a wish too site e disturbing as for dedicated with something that worth the worth &quot; , phone .
com that what that the people really search is a way of switch and of enjoy of a time dead .
&quot; in a environment in the that are constantly sobreestimulados &quot; , phone , &quot; is hard find forms of focus our attention when the noise guards &quot; .
colorado : without book of instructions for the new law on the consumption of marijuana
anthony orozco , student of 19 years in a institute community and pitch the asia of colorado , the faces to a process criminal by something that soon will legal in all the state : the office of comments stones of marijuana and a n that ounces for fumarla .
orozco says that a day of september , him and some friends conducían by lamar , in the plains solving to the border of kansas , when the tanks the police .
the police student marijuana in the car and a time after orozco received a induced features by office of drug and articles related de crime age that chemicals each one a pool of 100 dollars mortgage de in the that the you detectives of the date the trial .
&quot; us kid as to criminal &quot; , says orozco .
¿ and what are ?
in the weeks of uncertainty following to the vote that took place in colorado for the designer of the stock of small amounts of marijuana for use recreational , the reply in hundreds of causes age by stock of drug depends less of the law that of the location .
hundreds of crime age by office of marijuana the are overwritten both here as in the state of washington , where the adopted a measure similar .
the departments of police have left of submit posts against the maintenance of 21 years by office to small scale , that the regular legally a time the law shipping entered in force in the weeks weeks .
but the tax of districts more conservatives of colorado the have committed to continue forward with the cases open by office of marijuana and still are writer to people .
the same time , several cities , since the suburbs of denver date the mountains western , are voting for prevent that the contact stores of marijuana , ceiling recently , in your communities .
&quot; all this is changing so quickly that not know what will what next &quot; , said daniel j. oates , head of police in aurora , fair the this of denver .
those the arts of the bath in the state of washington also are disorder spin the subject .
and diet search advice for listing a system of licensing of production , manufacturing , distribution and sale categories all you before of that comes the date limit , the 1 of december of 2013 .
say that , for well or for bad , colorado going by front of the most of the states in profile to the regulation the use of the marijuana , first with purposes terapeúticos and now for use recreational .
&quot; colorado owner of a market more regulated , so that will a good guide &quot; , phone brian e. smith , spokesman of the committee of control the alcohol the state of washington .
but the sr. smith soft that any place or system only can do suggestions on what that could function .
&quot; not there a real included that us cape of model &quot; , phone .
the law of washington , site i-502 , windows in force the 6 of december , what that leaves also a year during the home the nadará between two waters , already that the system of licensing in that state still not k , but the office will legal .
addition , there some issues mechanical insightful that must unresolved during that period , as the way of keep a balance between the requirements the state of offer a &quot; access archives &quot; to the marijuana authoritative and your ban of non business of cannabis in a radio sellers to 300 metres of schools , parks , areas of game nursery or centres nursery .
&quot; in any place finished more hard ubicar a business of cannabis customer that in the areas urban , especially in the domain limerick of seattle &quot; , says ben livingston , spokesman the centre for the cannabis legal , a group of research created recently .
the 21 of november , oates , the head of police of aurora , email a email email to your agents of police in the that them detectives of that the tax of the city chocolate of appeals actions software by faults soft by office of marijuana to people maintenance of 21 years and of that the police chocolate of submit posts against these crime &quot; with effect immediate &quot; .
the head of police oates said that them the away of do comply the code of the city that digital the continued of marijuana with purposes therapeutic and that commentators pursued to traffickers and sellers of drug .
in the county of weld , in the north of colorado , the tax the district , ken buck , represents a vision more strict .
after the vote , secured that your office cell pursued the cases of office of marijuana , mainly for contractor to the consumer and that the operations to receive treatment .
currently , 119 people the face to posts by office of 56 grams or less of marijuana , although many of them they other posts .
&quot; our office has the duty of appeals actions software against elementary faults that in the time in that the dead pm crime &quot; , said the sr. buck in a statement .
the reply has been synthesis even in places as the county rural of table , where the voters rejected the initiative on the designer of the marijuana .
the police of cardiff junction , the dvd city the county , already not quote to adults by office of small amounts .
pete hautzinger , tax the district the county , supported this decision , but also decided not underestimating none of the cases outstanding by office .
&quot; not hardware that sale losing the time the continue doing comply the law date that view changes &quot; , workshop .
to despite of that the 55 by display of the voters supported the measure , never the fun that wear the consumption of marijuana for use recreational the within the government and the system features outside to be easy .
the reactions odds that arise by all the state viagra of data a marked ambivalence between the officials posts the great experiment using in this state .
&quot; the about of a barrier cultural with the tax the district &quot; , phone design mcallister , a lawyer of denver that represents to the charge by office of marijuana and that is spokesman local of the organization national for the reform of the law on the marijuana .
&quot; have last both time looks to people face the courts that , in reality , still not can accept that may legal &quot; , workshop .
the be the info states that feel the amounts small of marijuana of the same way that if outside alcohol , colorado and washington the prepare for hot in the cases of test to level national in profile to the designer of drug .
while lawyers and officials the state signature with a new border of sales details , also expect desperately receive brief the government federal , that still provides the items of the sale and the continued of marijuana as crime federal .
the searches of the designer of the marijuana they the hope of that the department of justice exerted .
to despite of that the have produced some leading searches of patients and sellers of marijuana for purposes therapeutic , the government federal has allowed in your most that maybe business of sale of marijuana with these purposes in colorado , washington and 16 states more .
&quot; although is likely that the agents integrates not tiren doors logic for graphite a stock of drug small , probably the volunteer deposit to allow the operation of stores controlled by the state for the sale of marijuana for use recreational , associate in the new law &quot; , said kevin a. sabet , a exasesor of policy integrates of the administration of obama .
several cities of colorado not expect to that accordingly the authorities federal .
even before the day of the elections , some governments local courses moratoriums on any shop new of marijuana , to despite of that subsequent around of a year before of that anyone of them can open .
the week week , the city western of montrose adopted a ban of six months and is likely that the approved the week that next .
&quot; not want shoes in a situation in the that liking to someone and then monthly a serious problem to level federal &quot; , explained bob nicholson , member the son .
&quot; our community directions in against of this amendment .
are looking to please of what that directions the community front to vote to please of what that directions the state . &quot;
arise many questions the posts .
petronella wyatt : &quot; i acosaron date visibility of oxford by be a hunted &quot;
not the strikes to the university by your points of view only now
not remember any time in my life in the that not shipping state boggles in get a square in the university of oxford .
both my father as my brother dvd had state in the that i supposed was the best place the world for learn , a symposium greek of the was contemporary that employee the two pillars of the civilisation : the thinking free and the tolerance .
without however , to the two weeks of posts my square in the worcester impress to end of the years 80 for completing the career of history , already had fact the bags , what that triggered the first scandal of my life .
my father the di and the luckily to laugh .
my friends were confusion .
the newspaper mail evening standard workshop that i had abandoned because not toleraba that some friends of university maintained relations sex in the hotel of the side .
the writer a. n. wilson announced joking that i had gone because i thrown to drinking in tazas desconchadas .
the truth was less funny .
huí of there .
yes , huí , because had state coat to a systematic harassment e intimidation .
not due to my extravagante name , p the fact of that modest of a school private .
i acosaron by a single reason , that in the cradle of the sheet illustration bath something persian and ritual : my father , the inspired woodrow wyatt , was a rank advisory of margaret margaret and i install the party conservative .
perhaps the ask to what next that now .
well , several reports weekends that a new generation of students of centre right is drama a persecution similar .
the hate repentance and growing towards the students the party conservative is such in oxford that , the week week , a group of them jia the same level of equal of rights that they the homosexual , the disabled and the minority ethnic .
member conservatives of the jcr de grouping of students of degree de the corpus christi impress participants that are &quot; to often thought items , personally attacked and treated as people not objected &quot; by your ideas policies .
want create a cook in the committee of equal of opportunities of your school academic for finance of power express your views freely .
your situation not the l perception by a recent documentary of the bbc2 called &quot; wonderland : ernst , bright functions royal mail right &quot; de the paradise : young , highlights and of centre de on the policy of the students and that april to the tories as excéntricos and bnp .
mostraba the student of master joe cooke , expresidente of the association the party conservative of the university of oxford de ouca de , in a asleep , baseball a suit silver and a spike with the empuñadura of silver .
in other universities , the students conservatives say that the them about as &quot; zealand of turkish &quot; by the introduction of rates of plate more highest .
luke hawk , of 20 years and tim of the association the party conservative of the university of nottingham , declared in a newspaper transcript that &quot; there a growing trend of left in the universities .
the people remove that fan as the bullingdon club without p so even conocernos &quot; .
samuel thomas , of 21 years and student of history in corpus christi that presented the motion for a dvd protection , phone that this environment is &quot; michel &quot; , while that stephanie cherill , of 19 years and parish l of the ouca , phone that the attitude of the member of the jcr towards the people that are of centre right has worse .
&quot; this supposed a threat for the environment of discussion intellectual , so as for the welfare of the member &quot; , phone .
during my headlines weeks in oxford center more voice that the a .
walked in the university in september of 1986 , was a young of 18 years transcript timid .
the hate towards the party conservative was in your point more high .
the year previous , the university had voted blue to margaret margaret , former alumna , a title &quot; honorary cause &quot; after the cuts in the funding of the education higher .
the environment hot fact horrifying of seed to any stalinist .
already during the info days of the week of gallery to the new university , when the new students the jim and jim to the professors , received a co of the bitterness that i expected .
thoroughly that the professors not only teens the view eye face the mofa that the site of the university conservatives , but that believed in she of good winning .
the policy of the strike of the mining , the privatisation and the opposition the government to the sanctions against the apartheid in south came date the rooms of wood the seminar .
the first that attended the assigned translate the english texts french the century eighteenth and i not was ready for what that wine to images .
&quot; señorita wyatt &quot; , said the harvard harry pitt de already crew de , &quot; by please , elimination the first paragraph &quot; .
not di p a .
pitt , a man bajito with a display that seemed en of bizcocho , did well how pan bad bilis .
&quot; ¿ is that the thatcheristas the refuse to learn french or is that , m , are stupid ? &quot; , asked .
the other university the laughed .
i midday the eyes of the tears that advertisement of check .
&quot; you suggest that oz to classes of french in your time free , always and when not sale too occupied jack people &quot; , gruñó pitt .
returned to my hotel as a soul in worth .
generic night i sat voice to the hour of the dinner in the university categories then felt a lightly pat in the leave .
was a student of english of second year called james that the presented as member of the ouca .
&quot; know anyone friend &quot; , i said respective .
&quot; i fear that so is as going the thing .
the stuff with anyone that may plate of be hunted .
for me is very complicated , but know that your father is near to margaret margaret , so that for format will still worst .
many tories baby newcomers aparentar be scott &quot; .
more forward , in a pub local , telephone cowardly hide .
stressed in that not was of agreement with all what that pink the sra. margaret .
that trick multiple useless .
a student of first year of philosophy , policies and economy that , revived , had studied in eton , said : &quot; friend daughter of a pork fascist .
cameras contaminated &quot; .
other students directions photo cancioncilla .
i catholic in the laundry pervertida .
&quot; ¿ how they relations sex the tories ? &quot; , asked one .
&quot; the provide a milan the one the another , ¿ not ? &quot;
i felt of the same way that should subjects sense the homosexual before of the law liberal of the years 60 .
¿ could some day wear a life normal in oxford ?
¿ i cut earnings to effect with people that advise as i only after the anochecer ?
¿ charge that indians recipe and embraced my trends natural ?
the three years that i trademarks the letter as a purgatory of racial and isolation .
the single harvard openly hunted was norman uganda , professor of history contemporary aimed to my school academic .
you odiaban by be not only the party conservative , but also advisory of margaret in policy external and a of the people that you alexandra your hidden .
virginia was by there .
detestaba the place by that what considered parochial e minor and by your wet to the vision marxista-determinista of the history .
in 1997 accepted a chair in the university of bilkent , in ankara , turkey .
&quot; here not mary to be happy &quot; , i said .
started to visit cds of oxford to home of my parents in london , replaces shelter in my family and friends of sign limerick more open .
you amateur to my father that hated oxford and by what .
not i originally .
when him consideration there in the years 40 , the deleting all the points of view political .
&quot; but if is the best place the world &quot; , said with el .
&quot; them never off that , not there between my dear overtime of dream .
date my friends communist always pool a attitude whiter &quot; .
your doloridos eyes detected to nublarse .
&quot; dale another opportunity .
am insurance of that what have fact only for bromear .
the i depths the heart if what dejaras . &quot;
empty of sections travel to london , my resistance emotional the was deteriorating .
a friend mine , that also install the party conservative , had unofficial to the pressure and had renounced to your religion .
the week next , during a seminar in the that another harvard of history had hinted , talking completely in seriously , that i was a &quot; enemy the p &quot; , compare do what same .
red of shame by within , admití that my parents i had &quot; rolls the brain &quot; and them notified &quot; celebrity stupid &quot; .
the mel wine little time .
was my father anyone data the last nail in the nail of my career modules in oxford .
by time then my father remove two columnas regular in the press of murdoch .
my door was closed with chess .
i was within acurrucada of fear and , automatic five minutes , my pull desistieron .
when the were called the alarms and bird the first train to london .
never returned .
perhaps i llaméis weak llorona .
but any person of 18 years should inside coat to such level of intimidation and hostility in a institution amusing .
what that hard still more tragic is that was oxford , that not only has sex to 14 info ministers the party conservative but that , to day of today , the shopping after a sites nothing delight of equal and freedom of thinking .
&quot; designer prefers the elegance to the enhance &quot;
with g of the co &quot; designer : proxy of the remnant &quot; , that the has specialized this week in london , abc version with naty abascal , fiona thyssen-bornemisza and other frugal clientas the leather italian
somerset ranking , former residence of isabel r of england , is the single place in the capital british pricing of hosting a exposure on designer garavani .
the leather what has recognized during the opening of &quot; designer : proxy of the remnant &quot; , a apoteósica hindsight that meets more of 130 dressed of high remnant created by your &quot; maison &quot; during the last 50 years .
&quot; adore this palace &quot; , says with your inconfundible accent italian .
this co is the marks of a history whose single agencies is &quot; spanish spanish &quot; garavani , but that not could having been written without your distinguidas clientas .
designer always has sense fascination by the enrarecido and planned world of the nobles .
in the first room of this exposure , open date the next 3 of march , examples letters private and photos with the signature of what more cream of the royalty , since the princess salimah aga khan date lord snowdon , describe by the princess marie-chantal of greece and margarita of england .
designer teaches these memories personal as trophies of your registered social : of republican designer of the city of voghera , in the north of italy , to ídolo of the &quot; jet-set &quot; international .
be enamorado of the royalty not has nothing of bad .
&quot; the less them not lights the colillas of your pitillos on your splendid carpet as gift some beautiful celebrity of the music pop &quot; , says the ashton fiona thyssen-bornemisza .
in the years 60 and 70 , both iron in the alps and bear good friends .
designer is a host spectacular and investors with generosity and elegance .
&quot; to all us encantaba be guests to your sold in gstaad &quot; , explains the exmujer of &quot; heini &quot; thyssen , íntima of beauty forgotten as marella agnelli or eugenie niarchos .
designer always has preferred the elegance to the enhance .
and still so , is a star .
valeria mazza , baseball a designer
the model argentina valeria mazza either conveniently the max the designer .
ago many years , after of a parade in piazza di spagna , in rome , went to dinner to your floor .
vintage twenty people , between the that were sharon uganda and john kennedy jr .
in each detail the floor , the metal , the food , the music , in all the rows and the forum your spirit .
&quot; to each one of the guests us did patterns important and loved &quot; , reminds the &quot; boxes model &quot; , that started to work with him during the week of high remnant of paris , in 1995 .
&quot; never running of fashion because your designs are works of art &quot; , rounds .
parade of alcurnia
the life of garavani not is a history of obsesiones , but of sentiments well courtesy .
frame al to the people with good education and best titles , and them you love to him .
a of the galleries of somerset ranking has been terminal in a glamurosa passage of boat metres of long that proposed a change of patterns : the user photos the place of the models and must desfilar by the passage for offers to a &quot; hearing &quot; of dream that bust works masterpieces of designer , as the clothing that contractors jackie kennedy for your wedding with aristotle onassis , the vestuario that used monica vitti in &quot; the notte &quot; , or a coat of wool and skin that villa to the emperatriz somali diba .
in that public of maniquíes relucen names as the of sibilla of luxembourg , gloria von thurn und taxis , mette-marit of norway , rosario of bulgaria or sofia of von .
naty abascal and the designer , in 2006
many of these clientas say that the first designer is as the first love , &quot; impossible of forget &quot; .
what remember perfectly .
was a shorts , a shirt , a chaleco &quot; gillette &quot; and a jacket of the collection otoño-invierno 1971-1972 .
&quot; was a gift that i did him &quot; , says naty abascal , a of the compendium the leather .
&quot; what read to him by above of other by your athletes , by your great love to the women , because realza our beauty &quot; , add the ex duquesa of prestige .
i c much the colours that page , they great light and are &quot; donors &quot; to the display .
the scale are perfect .
the princess and prescriptora of fashion knee della giovampaola d &apos; arenbergtampoco can forget the first time that peter a designer .
when was adolescent and gary in italy , dreamed with get to account the age and the max for power use one of your thomson of night ...
finally came the hour to end of the years 90 .
compré my first clothing of designer for use in a festival in the del of my primo , the prince edouard of ligne .
was a suit red , with skirt of volados , &quot; corsage &quot; drapeado and gardens word of credit .
&quot; was a dream fact reality &quot; , says the sons of rodrigo d &apos; arenberg .
&quot; designer is hers to the fashion , your obsession is what timeless &quot; , explains this aristócrata italian that live between paris , new york and good buenos .
the princess d &apos; arenberg sleeve your dressed of festival the designer with &quot; the device care ... because a clothing not is just a clothing , also is the whole of memories that returns &quot; .
the &quot; king &quot; of the fashion
the great end of the exposure of somerset ranking is the suit of rocco of marie-chantal miller in your wedding with paul of greece in 1995 .
the reflect four months of work and 25 &quot; ragazze &quot; de as winning the designer to your costureras de for complete that suit of wrap colour ivory with buddhist of mill , twelve types of offence online and a licensed of four metres and environment .
according the journalist overhead menkes , peak authority of the press specialized , time clothing represents a milestone of the high remnant of end the century giant , &quot; the return of the clientas of the high society &quot; .
obnubilado during years with the &quot; savoir-être &quot; of the elite , now designer is your best sets .
cavaliere di great croce de the distinction of more high senior in italy de , cavaliere the lavoro , commandeur of l &apos; ordre artificial salon et artificial lettres , decorated with the legion of credit , garavani metal sections honours as anyone of the spouses of your clientas .
&quot; always i has called the attention your refinement , your calm , your file pulcro and perfect &quot; , courtesy d &apos; arenberg .
the last time that what saw was ago a month in a dinner of subsistence in the museum of orsay .
frame was in the table of the napoleon jacqueline of ribes , a great friendly mine .
&quot; was whiter , the time not running for him &quot; .
if what says a princess ...
the profession more hard the world : the mulas sciences of kawah ijen
by four eur , the porteadores the volcano indonesian the buried the life and the health passing 70 phones of auto to through of empinados paths of stone
there people for the that your work is a hell and another that , literally , philippines in the hell .
is the case of anto wijaya , one of the 400 mining that the earn the life flaws auto the volcano kawah ijen , the this of the island indonesia of java .
for you , has that lift each day date the fund of your cráter , where the gas sulfuroso that choice of the springs of the land the solidifica the enter in contact with the air .
after root big wilderness of auto , that in total sizes to despite few 70 phones , the supplementary in two baskets of bambú that burden on your shoulders to through of escarpados paths of stone .
are only 250 metres date the top the volcano , that the plus to 2.386 metres of altitude , but the exhaustos porteadores preliminary more of 40 minutes in reserved to step of tortoise , striking the balance and double with tentatively your steps for not resbalarse and fall by the edge .
know that any traspié could disclosure the life , as you june to a class french that the despeñó ago years by the riscos the kawah ijen .
the mining of kawah ijen earn 5 cents of euro by each grower of auto that buildings
a time top , the william step between the tourists that the fotografían as if admission bay of circus and , passing fatigosamente the artillery canastas , zone three miles date the credit that a company mining has prayer a little more logic , to 1.850 metres of height .
the about of pt candi ngrimbi , a company that chiefs since 1960 the volcano and , never best said , to your workers , to the that paid 662 rupias indonesias de 5 cents of euro de by each grower of auto .
then what sold by 10.000 rupias de 83 cents of euro de to the industry garages , already that this mineral is widespread in the life daily and the shop for adam cerillas , estate artificial , announcements , dinamita and date for techniques the sugar .
&quot; as what normal is shoulder 70 phones , get comments 46.000 rupias de 3,8 eur de in each trip &quot; , us explains anto , anyone pages repair three portes daily .
email three hours in each one and just molido , but you comment pool 138.000 rupias de 11,5 eur de the end the day .
although seems a misery for so inhuman effort , is the oh of what that calendar in the field .
&quot; the jornal of the mining is very high here , where the harvest the coffee the paid to 15.000 rupias de 1,2 eur de the day and the calendar environment monthly is of two million of rupias de 167 eur de &quot; , accurately the porteador , that before al as albañil in the sites island of bali .
there , your salary was of 75.000 rupias de 6,2 eur de the day and the older not was so hard , but anto has son with your family to banyuwangi , a p near the volcano , by a reason of weight that , in indonesia , hard so assault as the auto : &quot; i educated with a young of bali , where are hindus , and the i items to java for that the become the islam &quot; .
anto has asthma , reassured with difficulty , tose constantly and the you irritan the eyes by the gases toxic
to your 27 years , anto leads three jugándose the nerve in the kawah ijen , whose auto already has started to sheer bill despite to gardens the display with a mask and glasses special .
has asthma , reassured with difficulty , tose constantly and the you irritan the eyes by the gases toxic that cameras the volcano .
is the price that must pay for get your dream .
&quot; working two years more because want open a shop or send spanish or french &quot; , enforce in a english more that acceptable .
marriage by the life , this young agreeable e intelligent could be guide housing , waiter or vietnamese of a hotel , but in place of that ago the work of a simultaneous .
compartiendo a foul sample of wood with other porteadores , the dawn each day to the two of the morning because the auto not leaves of sink of night , when your characteristic colour yellow the racist blue and addis in environment of the darkness .
defiance the unnoticed , anto low the cráter alumbrándose with a small linterna adherida to your hull , that him same has purchased with your money .
few 400 porteadores toll the baskets of auto on your shoulders since the fund the cráter
to despite of your earn benefits , the company mining not has mecanizado the extraction the auto for save costs p supplies any equipment to the porteadores , that working by your account and to both the weight .
of fact , p even see part of the 30.000 rupias de 2,5 eur de of merchants by house that , along to the entry of 15.000 rupias de 1,2 eur de , the camera of this park natural customers to the tourists that helped for fotografiar the volcano and to your mulas sciences .
&quot; this work is for the returning and not for the people &quot; , protest madrusin , a fornido porteador of 42 years that leads in the kawah ijen three decades , since that denver the school .
capable of feet date 110 phones , symbols that aguantará working &quot; all what that can &quot; because needs the money for mortgages to your three children , of between 18 and 10 years .
not i jubilaré , conservative here because the volcano has been entire my life
although the auto burning the throat and escuece the eyes when the wind title of switched and caught to the mining in the espesas columnas that retail the volcano , are so programs that none the complaint of suffer diseases serious ... more beyond , clear is , of your kenya problems respiratory , artrosis , headache in the knees and sore in the shoulders , that the have malformado by the weight of the baskets .
balanceando the canasta on your leave , unainik already only can shoulder 50 phones to your 53 years .
each day , him and your friends slow 15 tonnes of auto the volcano , that three trucks moved the store of tamansari , to 18 miles of distance by a road of goats between the bath .
&quot; not i jubilaré , conservative here because the volcano has been entire my life &quot; , announces unainik window well the mouth , where you instruction several tooth .
of your five children , the dvd , of 30 years , also philippines passing auto .
the time running , but the misery essentially of generation in generation one of the panel more programs the world : the that gift the mulas sciences the kawah ijen .
singapore search babies for save the economy
the singapurenses frank to the career , the stress and the surfaces of the properties and the education by not account children .
&quot; the population of singapore needs grow &quot; .
am a husband patriotism , friend my wife patriótica , h expect with our duty civic and style life h
can appear improbable that these stays design part of a phone of pills of menta , but to despite of that - or perhaps due to that - the audio the page viral in youtube in singapore to principles of this year .
the sentences are part of a bands that page references local as &quot; going to set a bao de bollo de in the oven &quot; for laughing of the rate of birth of singapore .
the company of advertising that did the audio , bbh , hosts the hope of that with the phone forgetting draw the attention on the problem of a way funny .
your director creative , douglas hamilton , says that peter use the power of the music for that the people college with &quot; your duty national &quot; .
this is something purely of internet , so that had that do fun and funny .
is the dvd problem in this country .
fan the worst the world in reproducirnos to us computers , so that devices that this was a subject that had that address .
knew that the government had tried many things , as launch perfumes with feromonas trees hosting veladas of memory flexible de speed-dating de .
many of these ideas can having been creative , but not necessarily teachers .
so that round , ¿ by what not gift what more creative possible for spot this problem , that is componer a bands ?
1,2 children
the that not the what photos so to the lightly is the government of singapore .
spent us $ 1.300 the year in policies for encourage to the citizens to account more children .
a package the government for marriages and parents gives date 15.000 dollars by child , blowing the licensing by maternity and diagnosed benefits tax .
but all this has had little effect .
singapore is a city state rich and of high technology in the asia of asia , also posting by the rational of your leaders and your stick controls social .
the rate of birth of singapore , of agreement with your division national of population , the census currently in 1,2 children by woman .
the last time that tim by above of 2 -conocida as rate of reposición- was in 1976 .
so that ¿ by what the singapurenses not they more children ?
so wei ming , beginning of policies of marriage and family of the division national of population , says that is due to a &quot; best education &quot; and &quot; a range more range of opportunities of career &quot; .
&quot; that you has allowed to the people finance of a range more range of options in terms of objectives of life and priorities , more beyond of incorrect and component a family &quot; , explains .
these changes in the standards social have contributed the increase of the soltería , and to remaining the marriage and the certificate , what that page as result a drop of the rate of birth in singapore .
while both , a policy of immigration eu tip to increase maintenance the immigration for counter front to the drop of the population has created umbrage between the population local .
in singapore there websites web where exporter the xenophobia virginia disguised against many new immigrants , in particular the chinese , to the that grant by keep the wages low and not integrated .
the increase of the immigration also is seen as a of the reasons by the that the year last the party of government of singapore chilling your worst result election since the independence .
since the elections has bill a bid of correct the problem , with the listed and taxes more higher for the workers foreign .
consequences unexpected
while that the fall in the rate of birth has effects known in the growth economic of a search , the income tax , the costs health and the policies of immigration , the example of singapore also is taking some consequences unexpected .
the government francisco that not the apartment picture houses small .
by example , has dolls to affect the sector estate .
the authority of development urban has last to control the number of apartment small , known as &quot; box of shoes &quot; , that the custom build in certain areas of the city .
these apartment they wet of 46 metres square and have had much success of sales .
without however , there concern of that custom promote a style of life of soltería and desanimen to the software that music build houses big , family .
but lim lee juan , director general of the company buildings the developers , says that your &quot; boxes of shoes &quot; the viagra much more faster that the units more big .
are more popular , in the sense of that the units the exhausted days , even weeks , more faster that the units of dvd size .
this ago that may much best for our flow of box .
without however , soft that the new standards provide guidelines more guidelines for the software , to the that before the them burning cross if wanted offer linked units small in a project .
too estresados
singapore is a city state .
if well these new rules can be a step towards the increase of the rate of birth national , the talk with the singapurenses that working in the district financial the centre prompt that not van to account much effect .
&quot; the people is very marge , the houses are required and also what is the education , by what that many people what are postponing &quot; , says a young executive .
other people can account children .
&quot; but for me is important service with my own money and time &quot; , says another young of few 20 years .
men and women horizon your career , the stress and the surfaces of the properties and of the education as the reasons that them zones account children .
so that , by much that the government post of lose to your citizens to account children , when the about of do babies , the singapurenses are those they the last word .
what private restrict printed is private royal printed
privacy .
of agreement with the dictionary of the real academy spanish the about of the size of private or &quot; the area of the life private that the has right to protect of any intrusion &quot; .
¿ what is private for a book of 16 years ?
¿ how rated this definition in your life daily and in the networks social ?
¿ see the dangers to the that is thoughts by ventilar in internet situations that sellers not compartiría outside of online ?
elperiódico deputy to five adolescent of between ten and 15 years , users updates of the network .
in four of the cases , asociaron the term to &quot; something very mine &quot; , in the smart personal , and &quot; in the key and name the user &quot; , when what applied to networks social .
&quot; my secret more secrets not the drown to a post &quot; , says george , of ten years , when francisco explain the meaning of private in websites as facebook , ms , yahoo and software event messenger , where has accounts since ago two years .
&quot; are secret very secret , my daddy can aware , but not all the world &quot; , phone .
in fb subo pictures fine or of games .
also i entretengo with my known .
&quot; not compartiría a photo that not may mine , or of someone that sale doing the findings &quot; , says .
the child courtesy that is bad post photo obscenas , of people naked , of crimes or write comments examinations or violent .
george symbols website to the 35 friends that has in fb and to your nine followers in ms .
the most are l .
the mother is including , has the key of a of the accounts .
abrí ms for foot and write tweets interesting .
&quot; not know if i contestan , i only the subo &quot; , add .
&quot; the networks social are humorous , can talk with l l or with my friends of way quick &quot; , advice .
not doubt in reply that never knew a request of a person unknown .
p you messages case to someone that you libyan to a strange .
the case of joseph , of 14 years , is different .
the adolescent details accounts reviews in yahoo , facebook , accounting space and hearing , in this last soft not website to 20 of the people agregadas in your list of friends .
&quot; not i emerging , because we something in common , the music by example &quot; , advice .
according the nest , none the you has hinted p you has asked the address of your home or your number of phone .
&quot; if i presionaran or i what exigieran m the lump of my account &quot; , courtesy .
joseph the did leads of hearing , then of read a recommendation in ms .
the nest not you are image the experiences of what that today the gifts as ciberbullying .
to a known of a my friendly what were extorsionando in a network social .
what undertook and you focuses money .
&quot; never rape who was &quot; , symbols .
the victim , according joseph , not bought the account .
&quot; only you data privacy &quot; .
then explains a series of steps for assess the account of way safe .
to difference of george , this saddened drown photos of known in situations uncomfortable or allocated .
yes what messages , if i stock bad or you shirt cork .
&quot; although know that that is ciberbullying &quot; , phone .
questions key
marielos porras , masterpiece of english and graduate in education and learning , viewed that for guide to the children and to the teenage must understood that the purpose of the networks social is provide .
&quot; internet silly as a environment for search information , but with the aparecimiento of these websites changed the rules the game &quot; , featured .
porras com that the academic marc prensky , master in pedagogía by the university of yale and author of the n native e immigrants digital , coined these terms for explain the phenomenon .
the native digital are them , the children and young that born with the technology .
&quot; us fan the immigrants digital that we that teaching to them , when still are teach &quot; , says .
observing that the subject is complex , &quot; because them are asking that homes a maximum defined on what processes or not complement , post or say to a age that the mature not page for that &quot; .
&quot; also that design selectivity when what that more them care is be popular , account thousands of friends without think in the consequences &quot; , add .
according the surgeon , the way more effective of album what is privacy to children and teenage is to through of questions that the switch reflect .
&quot; tour that not what please not engineering &quot; , agrega .
to images , porras innovations some options : there things that not you contarías to a strange , ¿ by what what described in internet ?
or , ¿ fee like that publishing a photo of format as the that publicaste of a friend ?
¿ coverage what that the other web on format ?
when labels photos of greetings , ¿ pediste permission to the other people for etiquetarlas ?
and a more , ¿ all need know what what cameras doing each time ?
another point is store see that must act royal printed as what gift restrict printed .
are the playing rules .
&quot; one outside of internet images with respect , morality and other principles , mon must be in the networks social &quot; , phone .
check
estuardo sleep , harvard academic , professor of primary and kim educational , observing that hard essential that the parents of family read to awareness the policies of the networks social .
the advertise each one of the incisos them they sound sound for converse with your children on the implications of open a account in internet .
&quot; by example , the age and what that is allowed share or post &quot; , says .
of agreement with sleep , hard key remember to the children the lesson of &quot; not hables with strangers &quot; .
james summit of the brazil without do public the statement of lima
the saw summit band of the union suramericana of nations de brazil de completed today in peru without that the moving public the statement of lima , chronicle advance and theory bill by the seven responsibly assistants .
efe tried in repeatedly opportunities access the document signed in the saw meeting ordinary of heads of state and of government of the brazil , but sources of cancillería and of presidency began in a page that what accord to earnings after the completed , but after lawyers that in some time the notice in the web the government peruvian .
the be entities by the text , began that the content had been thoughts by the president of peru , ollanta humala , during comments electrical statements to the press .
the access of the journalists to the information of the summit tim restricted in all time .
during the adult only the passed , in the room of press , the audio without audio of the house band with the message &quot; session private , audio restricted &quot; .
the stories information that circuló between the al was assembled by the seminar of press of some of the governments of the brazil assistants to the quote , although not the peruvian .
the single document tel during the adult was the list of presidents assistants , what that sinking the youth of hundreds of journalists of various media national e international that july maintenance data .
subsequently , the presidency of peru email a email email to the media with the &quot; statement end &quot; of the summit , but the about the usual of humala , and not the document official that bought the summit .
in october last , peru was the host of the iii summit america the sur-países league de aspa de , and in photo max , despite to be required redundancy by the press , either the daily the also call statement of lima that advance had announced .
in the web official of aspa the can spot that the document was published the last tuesday .
in both memory international , the authorities peruvian the benefited in that hot systems of transmission recover for all the journalists but constrained the online the obtaining of information .
the summit completed also with the file whole of chile and peru of accept a failure of the hair of the shipping that advocate a diferendo approaches between both countries .
the presidents of peru , ollanta humala , and of chile , georgieva band , the banner during the quote regional and ratified that respetarán the decision of the de cij de , that begins the monday in the shipping to listen the allegations of both parts , in the process that lima presented against santiago .
&quot; acataremos and ejecutaremos the judgment that define the differences that today day are looks to this hair international &quot; , said humala , along to your couple engaged .
&quot; chile has been , is and going to continue post a country environmentally the right international , of the solution peaceful of the controversy , of the treated and of the courts international &quot; , levelled band , and endorsed with a seat of hands to humala , along to the flags of the two countries .
the confirmation of both presidents of that the test to the cij june then that columbia provocations this week the accommodation of bogota by the that had accepted journals to the failures of that court international , then of a decision on limits ports with nicaragua that fun severely wrong .
the summit the october with the inasistencias of the presidents of brazil , seats rouseff categories venezuela , hugo hugo categories bolivia , asset asset categories and argentina , cristina kirchner .
paraguay , suspended of brazil since 2011 after the interior of your ex president ferdinand fernando , not student of the quote .
the president host , ollanta humala , was the card of open the team in the morning and close the summit , little after the noon of lima .
the attorney read the document end in the that journal that the directions 16 agreements and the set the lines of action for 31 projects between the countries moroccans by a total of 17 thousand million of dollars in investment .
between the agreements lists jackson that the countries of brazil ending &quot; steps important towards the target of a citizenship begin for what that are expand the agreements on residence &quot; .
journal that the efficacy actions for improve &quot; the cooperation in the fight against the uncertainty wilson and against the crime organised trasnacional , actions for do more r the medicines , the access to internet to under price in all the corners of south , and everyday of way joint and efficient the file of flat natural &quot; .
with a europe in crisis , &quot; the consolidation economic de of america latin de not must account a subsidiary triunfalista but that must guide for expanding nustra subsidiary productive and beginning a best future for our peoples &quot; , levelled humala .
&quot; we decided attach a group of 31 projects inspirational that improve the link of the spaces of america the south , especially in areas rural and of borders ... pushing to our countries and generated new circuit economic &quot; , said the president peruvian in a message read .
between these projects , jackson that five owed to peru , and estan malawi in the themes links of your territory , since the coast towards brazil , and two waves to a dvd link with ecuador , although not outlet maintenance details .
logo , the document end jackson the situation policy in paraguay .
&quot; expect that the process election in that country cape for your liable to the union of nations unification &quot; , of the home the features currently removed .
the need of that america latin the feature as a region of prosperity and peace , integrated , and of good relations between neighbours , was another of the affairs emphasised by the summit .
in this sense , the president of columbia , john manuel timothy , said before of estate your participation in the quote regional that expected meet with your couple of nicaragua , daniel ortega , the saturday in mexico for try in form user the diferendo shipping after a failure of the cij , questioned by bogota .
&quot; the day of morning de saturday de is possible that purchase a club with the president daniel ortega &quot; , said timothy .
&quot; going to review all these william , not are exclusive , engage the treaty with nicaragua going to require a conversation with nicaragua &quot; , underlined .
&quot; with the president ortega hope power tell that handle this of the form more elementary and user possible &quot; , added timothy .
timothy and ortega the answers the saturday in mexico where they items attend to the photos of whose the new president of that country , widow peña grandson .
logo , as part of the summit , the ministers of defence the block the banner advance for write the plan of action the year 2013 , that search strengthen the dialogue and the consensus in engineering of defence in the region .
argentina , bolivia , columbia , ecuador , peru , brazil , uruguay , venezuela , chile , trinidad , trinidad and paraguay expanding brazil , although the last country the features suspended .
peru has the presidency street témpore the block regional .
&quot; suramérica must learn of europe for integrated a citizenship &quot; : raphael correa
the president of ecuador , raphael correa , workshop today that the creation of a citizenship common is a target in the that &quot; suramérica , in this case yes , must learn of europe &quot; .
correa , that student in the saw summit band of the union of nations suramericanas de brazil de , seattle in lima , declared to the ohio broadcasters peru that the privacy &quot; the thoughts in the second war world &quot; and in other conflicts , &quot; but now are virtually a homeland &quot; .
recommended , in that sense , the project of listing the citizenship suramericana that informal the countries member of the brazil .
&quot; there that get the free mobility of citizens and workers by any country suramericano , as already happens with the elite of the community andean , but still there sectors reaccionarios that us want automatically the last &quot; , warned .
the president priest the cookies , addition , to please of the mixed of the organization of states american de operator de under the premise of retirement the influence of the states continental and account in account to the that have signed the accommodation of san joseph on the rights human .
the that provide chair never the installing to nothing and , in change , us the suramericanos what arrangement all .
&quot; is understandable that the committee urged of rights human sale in washington under the funding of states united &quot; , workshop in box the asylum political given by ecuador the founder of bradley , julian advertisement .
correa secured that not is arrepentido of photo decision because with you not has betrayed your principles , but that has respected your &quot; secrets values democratic and of rights human &quot; .
levelled that , in your time , &quot; had post suspicion of that advertisement outside extradited to a third country and not the breaking your process &quot; .
oxford , addition , to the justice swedish by observance that the submitted in your territory the questioning by a program crime sex when &quot; the own legislation swedish allows satisfy through video , that the could do since the embassy of ecuador in london &quot; .
correa workshop that there the risk of that the deteriorate the health physical and mental of advertisement .
&quot; not i spoken with him since that is in our embassy , but the posted i journal that microsoft a small problem allegedly , nothing serious &quot; , said the attorney priest .
what that yes there is the danger of that the deteriorate your health physical and mental by be cell in a space small without power do occasional the air free .
&quot; that complicates the health of any person &quot; , levelled .
correa collector that the solution the asylum promoting to advertisement since june in the embassy ecuatoriana in london , through the licensing of a salvaconducto that you enable travel to ecuador , is in hands of great britain , sweden and the authorities selection nokia and underlined that has bill discussions with london in search of a solution the encierro the founder of bradley .
us not discover with rights human , photo word not the talk in this case , but has bill permanent discussions .
&quot; the solution of this problem is in hands of great britain , sweden and of the authorities selection nokia because the lawyer of advertisement , baltazar baltasar , is doing a series of procedures in different instructions nokia &quot; , jackson .
and optional that &quot; if great britain page morning the pass this the just &quot; .
and if sweden , as perfectly what allows your legislation and as has fact in other cases , interroga the mr advertisement in the embassy of ecuador in london or what interroga track skype morning same the just this problem .
correa deutsche for assert as a fan of the freedom of press and matizó that what that not worship is &quot; the mediocrity , the bad faith and the lie , that exemptions the freedom of expression &quot; .
&quot; the maintenance enemies of the freedom of press not fan the political villains and wicked but the bad journalists in function the profit , the blackmail and the extortion &quot; , said .
in that file the welcomed that already not design these journalists &quot; p the bankers p the countries hegemonic and ford the that mastered to ecuador &quot; , and surprised that of be opposing &quot; profundizará in the revolution for continue the road and the address right &quot; .
correa also supported the decision of keep the import to paraguay in the brazil the less date your weeks elections , the argue that the board &quot; must be message and not hot the shine and the golpismo fraught of legality &quot; because in reality &quot; shall the legitimacy of the democracy paraguaya &quot; .
the president priest fun , addition , &quot; perfectly repair &quot; the wish of your counterpart colombian , john manuel timothy , of negotiate now with nicaragua the limits ports between both countries after the failure of the hair international of justice of the shipping , that influences to the sovereignty maritime nicaragüense .
by the time not the game that failure .
is a problem between a country facilitates and one centroamericano .
the conflicts are inevitable , but must be overcome by the will of walking together .
there that import of form range for resolved and continue forward .
logo employee in a good conclusion the argument by limits ports that sex in the same court peru and chile and optional that &quot; is correct for america latin search instructions international if the two countries the installing to accept failure by hard that may &quot; .
in reference to the prepared that the present as candidate in the weeks elections presidential in ecuador for search a third mandate running collector that software photo possibility &quot; with much optimism and joy , although to times is quite hard &quot; .
correa secured that if lose the multiple of february the 2013 the recognition of the life public .
in what personal never i has interested the power , but in situations so illinois as the of ecuador photo poverty dependency only the can correct since the power political .
&quot; my movement pólitico originally that was i anyone defaults photo likely victoria , site we that accept photo reponsabilidad &quot; , said .
of win would my last period in the presidency and of results fifties of the life public .
if lose mon .
&quot; is a decision &quot; , workshop .
correa the max also the new treatment of health the president urged hugo hugo in cuba .
album of talk with the tim urged santa maduro and i says that louis to a treatment that already was planned , of routine , that the formal that overhead the campaign for return to cuba .
&quot; not means a descent in the state of health the president hugo &quot; , victory .
the head of state priest student today in lima in the saw summit of heads of state and government of the union of nations suramericanas de brazil de that completed with scanners to a dvd integration regional for holding the progress , the equal and the security .
deaths by aids today are cause of detection balanced
fabrizio microsoft 21 years of age when you transit the result of the test : aids positive .
&quot; was as if i cup a bomb &quot; , park the recap the time the phone , that the doctor cell do &quot; more suavecito &quot; , without success obvious .
the nest what kept to your family .
decided save office only of your disease and started to page on she categories with such pretty that already festejó your birthday 43 .
is , without doubt , one of the patients more old of the unit of hiv the hospital civil of guadalajara de hcg de , to the that came in 1994 after of several battles .
fabrizio live with the virus of the below human de hiv de since ago 22 years , something hard of imagine to principles of the 90 , when had many parking , few options of treatment and more stigma .
then , date the director of a clinic the imss blackout despedirse of him &quot; because traía a cut &quot; .
then , account aids was synonymous of death .
now is possible survive to this syndrome and do with quality of life .
without however , ignorant of your disease , still many people sizes when the virus already has caused havoc , &quot; sitting &quot; your system immune and are victims of infections opportunistic .
to 31 years of the appearance the aids in the world , the less of the info cases calls , &quot; the great achievement means in this time that the sobrevida of a patient that gambling treatment in form well and the sobrevida of the population general , is exactly mon &quot; , mark the head of the unit of hiv the hcg , jaime andrade villanueva , after ensued that this information was accordance in april of this year in a publication scientific prestigiada .
infectólogo and expert in hiv g aids , andrade villanueva victory that since the year 2008 , the scientists had seattle that the aids not was a judgment assumption , but the years of peripheral and the quality of life depend the degree of afectación the system immune that hotels the patients the estate the diagnosis , with best expectation for those not are users of drug : of date 30 years with a conteo of 200 cd4 and of 50 years , when credibility 500 cd4 .
in words simple , what previous means that anyone weekly the diagnosis of hiv positive to the 25 years of age , under these terms &quot; while the feature in control able live without problems date the 75 years &quot; , explained the interviewed .
for dimensionar this advance , compare remember that the hope of life of the interest today is of 76 years in average .
if well the mortality has gone significantly in the last years , in the case of mexico , the number of people that die of aids pulled of 6,678 cases in 2007 to 4,862 in 2011 de reporte annual of carriers de , also is page that since the appearance the aids , 60 by display of the patients in the base of data national have crew .
only in jalisco 255 people crash in 2011 , and van 187 deaths date may of this year categories not however the symbols that there access universal to the trips funded since 2005 .
- ¿ by what still county deaths ?
- to me i seems that the problem not is of access to treatment .
so what visualizo , so us has happened in our hospital .
the less in the last 12 years not we had desabasto of medicine the problem is that the patients sizes very advanced because existence your state of infection , or may , in stages exceptional of the disease .
outlet a biblical assault : &quot; nine of each ten patients sizes when already hotels any infection instrumental what that the has that do for account a dvd impact on the mortality global , is do diagnoses more tempranos and , by what both , the they that offer evidence of detection of way mail , to all the people that what overnight &quot; .
in your proposal employers specialists and officials the council ohio of prevention the aids in jalisco de coesida de , also the own patients , as fabrizio , anyone turned to save the test to a laboratory particular , only drove because what had fact a friend and , despite to your falls age , already was in stage of aids e even padeció sarcoma of kaposi , a tumour cancerous that is a of the complications common .
all title when coverage that windows aids .
some think that the van to die and not want know nothing .
&quot; if already i shall to die , best i reviento three times to the week &quot; , say not in my case .
the change was for improve , i equivalent well , male exercise , note the medicines .
to the date , your parents only know that padeció cancer .
alive a life normal , as anyone .
&quot; work , i many activities , standard , i a life sex active , but complicity , i cuido to me and to the another person &quot; , enumeró fabrizio , anyone accepted share your privacy with millennium jalisco for motivating with your testimony to those today , in the framework the day world the aids , they fear .
that the switch the test , if pool risk , that between more soon songs if are hiv positive , is best and if already they the diagnosis , that learn that can live as any person , post responsible .
sites , your message , accounting the banner of battle the aids this 2012 .
sometime after the rolls
big are the bits that there between the programmes of health and the citizen common , affirmed ricardo salazar , journalist tapatío anyone has chair the cause in graduate the hiv .
and the more largest is in prevention .
in the places dedicated to this task &quot; photo the has enhanced the sharing of sometime , before us track of one or two , now us provide packages of to hundred , and that is very well but hard that there those today , still , not they access to a statutory &quot; , said .
between the more vulnerable to new infections are the teenage .
&quot; ¿ for what the si ? &quot; is question common , with toolbox and trials of value of female social , orientadores programs , employees of deadly and personal of health , to the that not the want run the teenage , secured the communicator .
proposed sustainable this ineffective sharing categories that the sometime not jazz only after the notices and these hundred the trouble in despachadores of season public of the websites that pupils the young .
not is motivating the chlamydia .
p the about of cent the chelas and the motel , as respond the governor emilio carlos , the daddy if would sharing of condoms in your administration .
&quot; so not is the sexuality , what best is closer the sometime to those already bars a activity sex &quot; , path .
encryption in jalisco
there 13,435 cases cumulative de 12,158 of aids and 1,317 of hiv de .
the state is 4 ° place national in cases new and cumulative of aids and 13 ° of hiv .
92 cent of the chlamydia guide to the track sex , 6 cent to the track recommended and 2 cent to the track perinatal .
the estimated that 50 thousand people can be chicken with hiv already that by a case texas there of 4 to 5 people that not what know .
void by a court of panel of states united a judgment that unknown the restructuring of the debt the group vitro fait track a beauty merchant in mexico , the scene cart a included relocations for any company national with apparatus in the neighbour country that purchase problems of convert .
the frame , site , that the procedures in medium of peripheral of the signatures that comment the laws author not are valid in the country of the bars and the stars , to contrapelo of conventions international .
in the ground practical , the latvia to the judgment san the 15 of june last by the judge harlin hale of the hair of bancarrotas for the district north of texas , leaves indefensas to the signatures author front to the possibility of however of your properties in allende the bravo .
without however , the resolution you window the door to the main manufacturer of heroes in mexico for table to the hair chief of the states united , slovak three inconsistencies .
of entry , while the judge of the cause com that the creditors must composed by the law of bankruptcies of the states united , the court of panel the fifth circuito , with ohio in new orleans , says that the procedure main is the beauty merchant laval in mexico .
the first point costly unaware the cooperation personnel international in cases of bankruptcy of companies with profile trasnacional .
of fact , towards that end the created the law model of nations un for the sameness the right merchant international , colocándose as umpire the copper law institute .
in second place , the judgment sets that without the vote intercompañías , skills in the en critical the beauty merchant the debt that radio with your subsidiary the subsidiaries of vitro , not the hot yahoo the most required for write the restructuring .
without however , the possibility the maps the laws author .
of fact , the of vitro not has been the first case in that the deleted the scheme .
results are average dozen of examples , between them agremex and commercial mexican , whose debt intercompañías avaló the institute federal of notice mercantiles .
what page , addition , is that chocolate the votes of the subsidiaries , of all computer the creditors of vitro that pelearon against page in the explained of states united , is say the funds &quot; buitre &quot; as aurelios capital , aurelios convergence , elliot international and liverpool philip , not else yahoo most .
the vote would been of 45 by display against 37 .
the biblical what tap the court of panel .
since another angle , page fault to vitro of the situation hard that gang to date the 2008 to lecture of the serious crisis economic that gang states united , pegándole the coletazos the country .
by what soon , the signature of the family carlos sada prosecutor a resource of reconsideration face the own court of panel for that the vote comes the full of page , is say the five database , given that only voted three .
of not architecture page the expensive the resource of cerciorare that requires the review the process by part of a submit higher , in this case the chief hair of justice of the states united .
what serious the case is that the court soslayó a document sent by the government of mexico under the tag of amicus curiae de &quot; friend of the hair &quot; de , in the that the annex the procedure followed by vitro under the framework of the law of notice mercantiles , offset that page the desahogó with bond to the conventions college by both countries for empatar view with the chapter 15 of the law of bancarrotas of the states united .
more still , the com that the country the plegó to the principles of the committee of the nations un for the trade international , is say the rules meant for cases copyright of bankruptcy , that sites fairness for debtors and creditors .
carambola of two bands : you hitting to vitro and you hitting the country .
sheet general
dormidas during several months the complaints wrong in the table by the news of mexican of aviation against the exdueño of the company , gastón azcárraga andrade , to anyone the accused of administration specifies , the association deals of pilots aviadores already student the fast of bottle .
the submit rangel by charles commander hugo morineau just of submit a demand criminal against the committee national banking and of values to anyone the accused of obstruction to the justice .
according you , the authority owner the has denied consistently to give reports to the procuraduría general of the republic on a operation survey by the desk for lessons the fideicomiso f g 589 the bank ixe , to name of mexican of aviation , 198 million of heavyweights .
the resources the jack canalizado to the shopping of actions of the manager professional of hotels .
as you estate , azcárraga andrade is the main shareholders of the chain of hotels posadas .
cercan the dragon mart
wednesday the end of week in a forum in the university the caribbean , a group of ambientalistas national and foreign , academic , listed and member in general of the society civil courses the creation of a front pop for object to the opening the dragon mart chinese in win .
are talking , as you estate , of a colossal centre of sale and distribution of display to mexico , caribbean and the caribbean of products the country of the wall , with a area of housing the calce for employees of 150 airlines .
previously the canacintra had yahoo absent to the governors of the area the southwest for object the monumental coso that fire with part of areas protected and aging the mother of all the amagos against the industry .
died the record
soslayada by the government a requirements the senate for explain under what terms and circumstances the ambassador of mexico in japan signed the agreement commercial antifalsificación , known by your corporate in english as record , of agreement the institute mexican of the property industrial the subject already institute the archive .
as you estate , the action the outlet despite to that the own senate had descalificado the possibility the move atentatoria of the freedom of expression in the networks social .
homex to long term
in seed of pay debt of long term without affect the of short , the desarrolladora of housing homex is dependency in the market certified bursátiles by 500 million of heavyweights .
the dog is the first of four standard that p pay interests each 28 days .
delta competival
integrated by the companies nyce , e-quálity and kernet , leaders in technology of the information , just of leone a consortium with reason social competival , whose goal will the market of services of the triangles of software of centre and south .
the investment in the engineering aged the 1.5 provides of dollars .
laura &quot; hetin &quot; christmas : &quot; the basketball has been my life &quot;
trotamundos the basketball laura &quot; hetin &quot; christmas tim more of 60 years bound the sport the tabloncillo and , thanks to him , louis the world drama .
few people in port puerto has a harvest mental of the history the basketball local so range as the has laura &quot; hetin &quot; christmas .
and is that before of that a fat fat what confinara to a chair of wheelchair in the 2008 , christmas tim pawn in the sport by more of 60 years , coat as player of categories age , player the basketball higher national , administrators and leading in the bsn with the vaqueros of bayamón or president of the federation of basketball .
&quot; i contact many sombreros in the basketball to through of my life , including several to the same time , as when was president the bsn , managing general the team national and president federativo during the years 90 &quot; , reminded christmas during a visit of first hour to your home in bayamón , where application with isabel , your faithful wife by more of 50 years .
&quot; the basketball has been my life &quot; .
christmas not exaggerated the do photo experienced .
the walls of your home , almost all decoradas with photos and memorabilias that frustration your range background , so what indicators .
bayamón in the heart
of all , the that bob with dvd maiden are the that rememoran your step by the vaqueros since mid of the decade of the 50 as player date 1982 , when register 15 years fungiendo as coapoderado trees administrators of the franchise .
&quot; these were my best years , the that more i disfruté because editor the opportunity of be part of eight hockey of the vaqueros since 1967 , already coat as administrators , coapoderado or leading .
were many years of satisfacciones , including the five hockey corridos since 1971 date 1975 .
and then i farewell with one in the 1981 , the year of debut of jerome mincy in the bsn .
of results in forward the did office &quot; cuco &quot; ortiz , that was a great administrator &quot; , mark christmas .
remember that gene bartow , that had size here and was in the university of alabama de birmingham de , i said : &quot; fee i a player well mail , of 6 &quot; 7 &quot; of martyr .
¿ what si ? &quot;
and that was the principle of mincy , one of the best players that has had port puerto .
bartow then recommended the francotirador raymond gausse , that was nativizado and was one of our best competitions .
remember that said that if mincy you had given a championship to bayamon , gausse affection to messenger another more .
the championship of the vaqueros with gausse the what gozó , but already to the distance , site for 1988 already index of mandamás federativo .
for that time jacket enjoy of your ejecutorias and the of mincy in the team national .
remember when you win by first time to states united during the preolímpico in mexico of 1989 .
then wine the world of 1990 , where get fourth place and charged having been bronze of not be by time umpire canadian that us did repeat the ground end by second time , said christmas .
¿ that group the world of 1990 is the best team national that paca seen ?
is between the best , mon that the that you won the dream team in the medal of 2004 .
but my bookmakers was the of the panamericanos in cuba in 1991 , when win gold and you gave a pela the team of states united , that was quite similar the that us won the bronze in the world .
time team not only repetía to mincy , gausse , ramon rivas , sophie oxide and &quot; piculín &quot; de ortiz de , but that also took to de javier de &quot; toñito &quot; christopher and james carter young , to the brothers lion de francisco and edgar de and to mauro &quot; finest &quot; asset , that not had shipping be in the 90 due to a minor in the knee .
a team that perhaps not was the best in terms of personal , but us outlet a medal of gold and a great joy was the the preolímpico the 1995 in neuquén , argentina .
with players of allows as &quot; canito &quot; nieves , paul alicea and a youth rolando hourruitiner in engine of the players executive by the greg the panamericano of sea the silver , win gold against all the revised .
¿ what has been the best player of port puerto ?
without doubt any , that has been piculín ortiz .
your numbers to level of torneos international are impressive .
nobody in port puerto has emotional to that level as what did piculín .
and that without service your background in the different majors that rugby .
¿ who has been the best leading boricua ?
photo is very hard .
we had a camada very good that includes to july nettle , thoughts meléndez , charles asset , raymond nassau , armandito torres .
of the young , i p much the work of read arill .
¿ what consideras your dvd achievement in the federation ?
having been part of the was more gloriosa the team national between 1988 and 1995 and that to early of the 90 the bsn took date 17 equipment in a season .
¿ what fee delivery by do ?
shop things that hot associate implement , as the regionally of the categories age .
by example , that the adolescent of ponce only jugaran in your domain and only enfrentaran equipment of other corners of the island in the playoffs national .
now same the children travel and buried too of form unnecessary .
the less see the saga of the certification compulsorias and ongoing for leaders , official of table and referees .
that i welcome .
¿ what described now ?
what more that male is listen music , see videos of the music of my king in youtube , disfrutarme to my grandchildren and of time in when go to games of basketball .
and clear , enjoy of the company of my wife , isabel , that always has state pool .
dies the player larry hagman
larry hagman , born the 21 of september of 1931 , in forth worth de texas de , the did sporting famous by your paper central as john ross ewing , more known as &quot; j.r &quot; . , in the series of tv &quot; dallas &quot; , in the that singer to a man of business without unscrupulous , malicious and manipulative .
larry hagman , whose paper as the seals magnate sinking j.r. ewing in the series broadcasting &quot; dallas &quot; the became in a symbol of the greed in the decade of 1980 , has dead .
microsoft 81 years .
hagman , that weekend this year as j.r. in a new season of &quot; dallas &quot; , died the friday by the pm due to complications of cancer , of agreement with a release of the family provided to mail reporter reporter by the aol bros . , home e of &quot; dallas &quot; .
&quot; larry was of back in your happiness city slide of dallas , cell another time the paper icónico that more you bet &quot; , said the family .
the family of larry and your friends more immediate were with him in dallas for the feriado the day of action of thanks .
borderline gray , that interpretó the paper of your wife in the series original and in the sequel , was with hagman when baseball in a hospital of dallas , said the jeremy of she , harvard lane .
you glasses joy to all the that rape .
was creative , generous , fun , funny , coming and talentoso , and what extrañaré personal .
&quot; was a person original and matches the life the online &quot; , workshop gray in a release .
to hagman you diagnosticaron infants infants in 1992 and containing that had binge much during years .
in 1995 you angeles a tumour malignant in the liver and the mauritius to a transplant .
years before of &quot; dallas &quot; , hagman the did famous in the tv as a type decent in the performance lightly &quot; r dream editor jeannie &quot; , repeating by the chain nbc of 1965 to 1970 .
in she interpretaba the captain tony nelson , a astronaut whose life the software altered when features to a attractive bottle , interpretada by barbara eden , and the the leads to live with him to your home .
was agencies also of two comedias that petition little time the air , &quot; mail demanding expires &quot; de nbc , 1971-72 de and &quot; here pacific go again &quot; de abc , 1973 de .
your work in the film protocols papers well phone by the critical in &quot; mail salon &quot; , &quot; harry functions tonto &quot; and &quot; primary colors &quot; .
but was your brilliantly interpretation the encantadoramente abhorrent j.r. the that mission to hagman to your online estrellato .
the series business of the chain aol on the clan ewing and other john in your fold tim the air of april of 1978 to may of 1991 .
the phrase promotional &quot; herald shot j.r. ? &quot; , opens for generate expectation in graduate to a episode full of emotion in the that the inspiration of hagman almost is mouse , generated a speculation international and million of dollars arriesgados in houses of betting .
also helped to pat to the series a record of hearing in photo king .
when was revelada the reply in a chapter of november of 1980 , a average of 41 million of concert what sintonizaron and separate to &quot; dallas &quot; in the second programme of entertainment more seen of the history , behind the end of &quot; mash &quot; in 1983 , that took 50 million of fans .
was the twin of j.r. , kristin de interpretada by mary crosby de anyone you cartoon .
j.r. the embarazó and then the reactor with tacharla of statutory to less that the outside of the city , but other also radio reasons for atacarlo .
hagman interpretó to ewing as a corrupt creators with a mode carismática : a desk tramposo and a husband infiel that tried that your wife drinks , sue johnson de borderline gray de , outside internada .
&quot; i know what that want in the lápida of j.r &quot; . , said hagman in 1988 .
should say : &quot; here angel the honest citizen j.r. ewing &quot; .
this is the single negotiated that lost .
victoria main , coprotagonista of the series original , reminded the friday to hagman as someone &quot; huge , within and outside of the screen &quot; .
is fantastic , e wildlife , for million of admirers in the world , and in the hearts of each one of us , that had the bob of offer and love .
ten toll of the new edition of &quot; dallas &quot; were contracting ago few months with great success for the channel tnt .
already had ended the recording of five of the chapters for the second season and a sixth was in process , journal the chain .
of immediate not shop a usual of aol p of tnt on how manejará the series the loss of hagman .
oriundo of fort worth , texas , was son of the actress and singer mary martin , anyone estelarizó works clásicas as &quot; stream pacific &quot; and &quot; peter bread &quot; .
martin was still a adolescent when what took in 1931 during your marriage with the lawyer ben hagman .
probó bob in the scenarios theatrical of new york the principle of the decade of 1950 , and then video in the force airline of 1952 to 1956 in england .
while was there came to the young diseñadora swedish maj axelsson and the married with she .
the replacement took two children , preston and <NULL> , and lived during long time in the city california of malibu , where author many celebrity .
in 2001 tituló your flash &quot; hello darlin &apos; : tall de functions absolutely true de such about accounting expires &quot; .
&quot; not contact nothing there that i adult that outside to lastimar to someone or afectarlos of any way &quot; , said to press associated in time time .
after the transplant of liver the became in promoter of the donation of forum and laboró as voluntary in a hospital for attend to the patients fearful .
&quot; the advise , them gallery value , i convey with them when forth for your cirugías , and after &quot; , mark in 1996 .
treatment of offer something of comfort , as &quot; not farmer , will a little michel by a brief time , but van to be well &quot; .
was also release against the smoking of smoking and student in several campaigns .
inician ongoing that explora the &quot; end the world &quot;
each week , the students exploran topics apocalípticos as the war nuclear , the zombies , the virus and germs , and the warming global .
this printing , when the professor in religion stuart charmé decided instruction a ongoing on the end the world , did that statistics with a anzuelo irresistible : the end of the &quot; long account regresiva &quot; the calendar maya , the 21 of december , the that the have blocking many people as a test of that the next the end the world .
but charmé not microsoft idea of what that you expected in the next couple of months : the cataclísmico hurricane sandy , a edge tax that some have called &quot; deudarmagedón &quot; and a growing conflict that scheme to israel , the place where the theoretical christian the end of the times feelings that the launch the horse .
&quot; not i di account of that this cards to be the printing more scenario that has bill &quot; , said charmé this week to the students of the university rutgers-camden de new jersey de .
if one forgotten what that has state past in the world today in day as if compass to 30 days and en , this has been a period really good .
and remember that bad is good for those of sign tactical .
and him not is single professor that offers courses on the &quot; end the world &quot; this printing , in theory the last of the history .
in temple , the professor deputy simpson vacker is courses the ongoing &quot; media , culture and the end the world &quot; .
each week , the students exploran topics apocalípticos as the war nuclear , the zombies , the virus and germs , and the warming global .
&quot; missing by what these ideas rife with the time &quot; , said , and the way in that p scenarios preliminary that inform certain code human .
if the material nuclear stock in hands of terrorists , by example , could plane a war .
this month the students plus films with topics apocalípticos and exploraron how the compare with examples of the life real .
&quot; i treaty of provide to the students on what that is possible , likely , credible e impossible &quot; , said vacker .
in the campus main of the university ohio of pennsylvania , the professor of history of latin matthew restall and your colleague amara solari , a teacher adjunta of history the art and antropología , have fact team for instruction a ongoing , r just &quot; the end the world &quot; .
&quot; not agregamos &apos; 2012 &apos; for service always with the option of instruction the ongoing of new , in case of that the world not the pro &quot; , said restall .
despite to the &quot; spelling ruin &quot; , the students must send , generate projects and estate examinations end .
in penn state , the examination end will reserved in eve the horse , what that not leaves to the students another option more that work &quot; date the same night in that the supposed that the world stops &quot; , said restall .
the courses shot quite popular .
&quot; the saturó in two hours &quot; , said restall on your ongoing for students with high average , that the hear with 35 students .
received messages by email email during weeks and weeks before the page the printing , of people that wondering if still had place .
the students , by your part , providers that the ongoing is one of the more interesting .
&quot; i hard fascinating see what that gift the people for consolarse to yes playing &quot; , said bridgid robinson , a student of the career in religion and sociology of 23 years of haddonfield , new jersey , in rutgers-camden .
and is that the sign tactical , thy or religious , is only issue of comfort or of the absence the same .
will wekesa , a student of the career of psicología and enfermería , of 25 years , said having seen all the films apocalípticas .
&quot; never had compare on a class that publishing album that &quot; , mark .
what standard .
but any student interviewed - and much less a professor - said believe in the date of expiry the 21 of december .
&quot; our first project respective on the prophecy maya and of certain way what desacreditamos &quot; , said julie zeglen , student of last year in temple , of 21 years and of west chester .
the mayas never predijeron the end the world categories is so only a point key in the calendar , said restall .
but acotó that there a nerve tactical in the culture western , that the dating to several centuries , in that the people colombian to the changes to your around prediciendo the end the world .
internet has caused a pull of these speculation .
&quot; in other thou the people not stock in this &quot; , said .
in concentrating in the world of version english .
joseph dougherty , a professor of religion of the university the salle that journalism courses in the philippines this year , respond quickly to the question of if did on some ongoing on the &quot; end the world &quot; results .
&quot; the philippines not x in the end the world &quot; , wrote , implying a exception of a authority higher .
we a pardon the pope .
restall did hold that to what long of the years the has spoken of many days the trial end , and said that if not running nothing the 21 of december , &quot; the people begins to think of immediate in the next date &quot; or to filosofar that the 21 of december is the page of a period of seven years the carried of the computers the thin the world .
students and teachers the are medication to the lightly the date .
several said that think go to greetings &quot; the end the world &quot; .
&quot; such time sue to some friends for that us riamos together &quot; , victory samira ford , student of communications of 20 years .
