the parliament not supported a wonderful for free to tymoshenko
the parliament of ukraine has rejected today the proposal of lifted the amendment would be section of code criminal in the back down generic term for leader of the opposition yulia tymoshenko .
the canadian open minds doors to the excarcelación of the exprimer sticker , but the parliamentary rejected the proposal of reducing emissions sentences for crimes economic the last second reading .
in october , tymoshenko was sentenciada to seven years of imprisonment for the presunta signature of a settlement with russia desventajoso for ukraine on buy a gas natural .
the ruling still not quite loud , the court of appeal has the obligation of revisarla in december .
tymoshenko it showed sure that we were corrected the one venganza policy of regime , e even in west have originated parking on the influences of court .
the proposal of the texas retirase the remainder 365 the code criminal with the fact they san to the former prime minister was supported by 147 members of the vote .
for his approval was requerían 226 votes .
the victory of libya
the story of the liberation libya , or the police pig libya , already has his winners .
muammar el-gaddafi was buried in a place secret in the desert and without him already not there war .
go ahead define who is the vencedor
as it fell preparation in the region , the resulting ganaron pm elections , but now it about the dilucidar if they loved the correct or radical
the board national the transition has done enter into force in law traditional , the sharía , that already in iraq way bay .
libya was join in a country without crime , because they are remaining were cut cortará the bag .
pm women already been unable go olvidando of emanciparse and the apóstatas waiting their clients and so sucesivamente .
in place of course the person of dictator , the society , association of tribes guerreras , it liked by the koran .
in libya was mechanism a order to do we can neither imagine and that certainly not tolerate .
without mentioning , our way of life not that either the only cure standards of learning and , probably , not offer convenient , in exchange , to the mock already smaller .
what counts is the no discernible in stunning that the enemies en redundancy thankful for help from the dogs infieles .
the only justification was that , since his point of view , the attacks of the nato not the addressing a general american , but incomplete may ala , whose greatness held after each one of those speeches taiwan .
when they photo vencedores in libya , west not being among them .
are trapped in a shootout the back down serve the resulting and our political order crawling on a dictator who is ill of a friend political theory that led guarantees of obtaining benefits .
after pm recent experiences experiences of afghanistan e iraq , not spend libya aggressiveness .
in this case , to the local not offer supposed a problem pan to the &quot; sit &quot;
but , without occupation ¿ loosely packed petroleras save with the golden black libyan only with good words ?
is quite possible that there , but can be a smart west african presumir of protecting the rights violations .
always be the winner of the sharía not be mistaken crossing .
starts a new era of the crisis
france and the rest of europe van to the hunting of buscador of investors
a torbellino error was has talked for europe
the united individual have published his data of gdp for q3 .
the economy czech in the period intercuatrimestral it has slowed , while the french and german have grown .
without mentioning , the market for bonds today has breaking records .
the investors began not be fijan only in italy , but also in spain , france , austria and other .
the cabinets statistics of the eurozona , germany , keeping the other countries privacy , already have published his estimates preliminary on growth economic the world third quarter .
the gdp of germany creció the 0,5 cent items , the way france in 0,4 cent
both countries have made public by data of second cuatrimestre , in germany has gone beyond the fence line de growth of 0,3 cent in time of corn 0,1 cent de , although the cup was drafted a lightly reduction of 0,1 cent de the data original broadcast of aggravated de .
the economy czech creció interanualmente a 1,5 cent in the third quarter of this year .
without mentioning , in the period intercuatrimestral , the product internal gross de gdp de it has slowed and according to ČsÚ it rises to trend to the slowdown memory of the growth of development economic .
the results are still believed that women g of the analysts .
events main :
interanualmente , the economy czech creció in the third quarter of this year a 1,5 cent , but cuatrimestralmente it has slowed .
in the third quarter , the economy german , according to data registered and recalculados estacionalmente , creció a 0,5 cent .
the economy of the eurozona and also the place union european , between july and setiembre and the comparison with the accelerator previous , creció a 0,2 cent , what i concuerda with those expectations of the analysts .
the economy greek wedding fallen interanualmente the 5,2 cent .
the interest of their bonds to ten years is the 28,45 cent .
the interest of the bonds enforcing the spaniards has grown up limits critical .
the situation addresses starts to affect also to austria , dutch , france , belgium , etc.
the interests of the bonds ministries to ten years down sex in the 4 cent , although the present area of situation being worse .
in germany are fingers voices that say that the ecb should assume loans in last instance .
the czechs it classify for the championship .
vencieron 1 : 0 and exhibitions of classification with a premium 200 million .
h the team of football old with the task than hard to sustain the season h
in montenegro , thanks at excellent Čech and at rio portero petr jiráček , it took the victory for 1 : 0 .
the team czech , along with a good structures of luck in the second time , it recommended fantásticamente of the attacks of team local , of way that no faltará to the meeting of championship european .
ihned.cz continued detalladamente the development of party in a magazine minucioso .
not hurt almost maiden in the first half and a good structures of luck in the second .
the team czech , thanks at john the team local boys in final , and also at excellent game of Čech and at heroico jiráček , venció by 1 : 0 in montenegro and prestige your resume at championship in europe .
to cause of the correctísima defence czech , the montenegrinos not presionaron date of second half .
the two perjudicados the party were damjanovič and vučinič , that stood pass two big ones .
addition , thanks at genial petr Čech , the eleven czech not faltará to the meeting of the glass of europe , by what he would show coffers of football national you arrive a gratificación wanting to 200 million in damages .
already since the first minutes were sent a good game ofensivo .
both teams were empeñaron so just the sort pm lines and jugaron nothing more than usual at centre of camp .
not hurt pressure from the players local the last first half , patadones at another camp in defense , continuous what i was defending czech rape avoid .
the students iranian are ready to die for the program nuclear of his country .
formaron a shield body .
several hill to students tend formaron shields human around the plants nuclear the iran .
with his gesture want express their support at programme nuclear of his country face a possible attack israeli .
the students were married to orar the tuesday at noon face pm facilities and then corearon slogans of death to los e israel .
several hill to students tend formaron the tuesday in the city bin of isfahán shields human around the central technological nuclear the back down philippines with uranium .
seek show that are ready to defend the program nuclear of his country with their own lives .
the agency international order to heal atomic de aiea de , in a recent report , error that iran , according all the signs , it afana by getting guns nuclear .
in israel are talking about a possible attack to show facilities nuclear iranian .
the students were married to orar at noon face pm facilities nuclear of isfahán and then edinburgh slogans of death against ee.uu. e israel .
in case of attack , whose goal would paralizar the program nuclear bin , it accommodation , according sources israeli , not only the central to isfahán , but also those facilities in natanz , where they enriches uranium .
menu file of a child obeso : not desayuna and dinner cheese
more than a third of the children with bracket involve between the 9 and 13 years they problems of obesity , where the obesity affects at 9 cent of the population school and the obesity at 5 cent .
the children overweight database of his most of families with a style of life that does is healthy , according it emerges from research current .
it moves to show what is the importance of environmental knowledge about twice for a development healthy and the person , so as to models that serve as reference .
in the table , the children obsesos it discriminatory , by example , of cheese at least with the double the street to the children of families with weight normal .
for dinner , more of 19 cent of the junk had cenado potatoes fritas the day before the analysis , the larger available clan at programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not that one casualidad &quot; .
in those families who children with obesity not exist preparation of religion sports , what went is applicable to the most of those families current , where only the 15 cent of the children respond to their parents , at least one time for weekend , condition time for the exercise check .
survey survey to 900 children
the survey found october to end the past year school and took the last same almost 900 children of education basic the whole town .
already was the second edition of programme of &quot; the obesity in no matter a casualidad &quot; , that supports the company of insurance health general and the company unilever .
date now , have participated in the project more than 12 thousand children from the 4º date of 8º ongoing .
a dieta appropriate and quite exercise in family are factors determinantes , that they debt variable in number of children with obesity e even obesity .
&quot; only the half of the children encuestados have responded to play five lunches joys according to tell : breakfast , lunch , food , merienda and dinner , that is a way pm conditions clothing for a dieta healthy &quot; , performance one of the results of the survey .
without breakfast but with embutido for dinner
the specialists avisan of the , in a development healthy , are important , addition , the details , that also reflected , as for example account a time season for the breakfast in family .
in keeping , not suggesting , only the 23 cent of those families who frequented desayunan to the same time .
in the most of those families , each one desayuna only .
but what worst was attacked by the american 10 cent of the homes not be desayuna nothing .
the breakfast is , without mentioning , the basis of a dieta visions right .
the study sample was predominantly pm families of children overweight it arises with fast becoming increasingly involved insanas potatoes fritas .
almost all - regardless of weight - haul out file refrescos dulces de 70 cent de .
by rule general amnesty sport more of 40 cent of the children encuestados , without mentioning , pronounced his parents this result was down to less than the half , only the 15 cent .
fabrícate your dieta
the next phase of study posibilitó that the chavales elected de 204 page and 172 entertainment and 13 schools de it creasen your own diets to date on all those bidding options according your tastes and opinions .
&quot; pm preferences australian and the children ministries in bracket involve between the 12 and 15 years , since the point of view of a food healthy , are very everyday of what ideal . &quot;
between their food songs were buried in pasta , the meat and the dulces
&quot; is about all alarming to popular in the refrescos dulces &quot; , it tar in the report end of study .
as fast main concerns leads to la la pasta and he still had nearly the meat of endangering .
virtually , the children undo always the legumbre and the taste for the fish and the peas is very low .
change to recognize claims
at himself time , the study sample was the children are ready to change their habits travel if receive the information description .
&quot; in the group of control over the participants in the study , that rellenaron the cuestionario after the shooting of programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not that one casualidad &quot; , it took a lot cases a change important to show the students early in a food healthy &quot; , it suggests that the results of study .
winning the attention , by example , what flow to the refrescos dulces , where many children empezarían to preferir the water normal and federal .
the children also elegirían with more frequently in the cuestionario the meat of endangering the world fish for the food source of restringirían the drug of food salt and the cheese and harina .
the estilista has been removed also a good psychologist , records of professionals
in the article introductorio , how learn to estilistas , already i quejé a little of that show lessons initial study were quite cargadas .
not had bought idea of how choose helps .
conferences and three professionals the ramo , how tight to john mount and , addition , a seminar on how does it was painted the spectacle .
and will deteriorate .
profile than close are the respondents completed , more information and tasks practices us aguardan
and although the ongoing it develops each saturday and sunday , already not fully a alfiler .
are increasingly seen studied with the beginning , alena , de in the ongoing not there any man de on how tight to the woman who does does a simetría perfect .
and so is the great majority .
someone is cuellicorto , someone has a consistent estilizada without borders curvas tone and someone mid obesity .
the estilista has been looking constraints ópticamente few ever anchos , alargar a smear or recrear pm curvas necessary
us have given certain noticed about how do compare the body of women of any of jennifer oxide , of pechos and caderas huge but cintura close and at himself time not vestirla of a way too desafiante
if , by example , the difference between the cintura and women caderas is accomplished by the golden or the trousers not be adaptan , browse the penalty save coser at least a piece of integrity extra to measure .
without doubt it was arrepentirán , because of clothes that foreigners perfectly good impagable .
with a skirt to measure it relieved much better than with a full not to be stuck , levantarse , baila in the cintura , etc.
the body estilizado it can afford jacket clothes with pliegues , adornos , bordados or drapeados .
there certainly many types of information various and the bodies , so that i heard the call details of teachers of week for putting order to my head across this information .
e even so , i fear that with the task asignada , already feeling more than a well-known .
to each participant in the ongoing it feels guilty allocated two famous , to the back wall mechanism two vestuarios : one for the day and another for the night .
there is plenty of mind to suggest current , the style of fashion in it adecue to the person in question .
i did tocado &quot; jacket &quot; to miranda kerr , perhaps the conozcáis of the campaign of victory &apos; lloyd secret .
tops for coming , for me is much better than , by example , britney spears or christina aguilera , that topical o engordado few hundred kilos de by please , homes in mind that excessive de , or the jovencísima selena gómez .
the poet we have recortarlos of those journals or buscarlos in internet e imprimirlos , for later elaborarlos illustrating .
the moodboard , that is as it burn at result complete , articles addition our lifestyle personal and our relationship with the design gráfico .
is important too afraid to the side gráfica the estilismo .
the estilista , by both , not viste only physically , but i also found plenty , by example , of those pages of products in those journals de of subjects specific , as trends , bolsos , canadian , etc. de .
of all thought we talked to estilista and leather mauro kameník .
but all this study suggested to the sunday .
the estilista has been designed a vision global .
the three guests specialists encouraged to conference of saturday with castro on all kinds of bodies .
the estilista honza pokorný , the leather of fashion jakub polanka and the fotógrafo of fashion ben renč .
jakub us reminded that the fashion is a photo and the estilista should saberle get party to this .
and a good estilista estate agent with a commanding prenda of tight on ways various .
the variabilidad is , in this case , fundamental .
so , the bay gabardina de or as saying in english , trench-coat de it can wear it did stale with vaqueros and camiseta , but also serves to wear the body scanners with shoes and tacón and fotografiarlo as if coat in reality a clothing .
or rather enough arremangarla and mountain of cervical for accuracy a picture completely different .
&quot; jugad with keeping &quot; , us assigned .
what i most valoro is the next council : &quot; for start to work , ago lack of first conozcáis all those rules &quot; .
&quot; then stopped tell romperlas &quot; , said jakub .
by charging me go clear why do memorizamos all these developments , what they combine with what , by what , if info hard to make those journals of fashion us find results online .
that without talking about the desfiles .
thanks at fotógrafo ben , know that a estilista has to wear more types of clothes in the reserve of the american readers fotografiar .
so , for a story about fashion that she spends pages de by both , ten outfits de , there is plenty answers , lists for use , at least fifteen .
and also that women photos of clothes works in combination with other prendas , all them different from those who were overnight in the absence .
all thought there was bear in mind to the time of mechanism for outfit .
honza pokorný us secured the last picture and the style excessive them alone , in many cases , the half of success .
enough look at madonna , that no one indian a singer extraordinary , but the image and the márquetin have done it she once star world .
in keeping , by the time , not there yet a trend clear to use the services of the estilistas .
date of john famous also said condition useless de i mere my skills , my point check not intend adventure importance de .
and when someone told pida our services , there is plenty of mind that it very likely that we indiquen a coach very different from the everyday real test book de .
then only go guglear and physically if those journals of heart stopped have written about the subject , if a certain celebridad has engordado g adelgazado , etc.
the sunday , honza and mauro us insistieron in the mirror estilista not allowed enough orientarse in the fashion , but i realized that ended in outfit .
during his work , on all about must communicate with the people who were in viste , by what he is fundamental belief a good psychologist .
estate appreciate it was people , not be reduced to less , carter your views .
&quot; when a beginning watching contrata for the likes clasifiquéis the vestuario and it did completéis with prendas fine , not tell usage and throwing things do you had to say : &quot; huy what x &quot; &quot; .
&quot; encontrad at least a couple of things that podáis ponderar and recommend for the anyone was wearing seat set &quot; , says mauro .
frame same also us cookies that all must caber in the so-called &quot; placovka &quot; , is saying , the stock of work .
this was season around the turn cintura and it hits you all those tools necessary .
are items as precautions , as precautions , quitapelusas , or imperdibles . there also edge of nailon de that he adds at estilista during the session of photos of products such as bolsos or gorros de , pinzas special about enganche of prendas by william , if this would dvd de the alfileres and another kind of enganches not doing permitidos , web site clean up fabric de , or a game of remnant .
for not static in the usual pasiva and put something in practice , we learned to revestir the suela of the man .
even during those sessions of photos of the study , in a surface flat , it could damage the suela and much more moderate the outside .
and not stayed over the revestir and revestir .
not realized music of shoes with those precautions to do dañarlos by accident .
so that she had become very hábil .
mauro i did given a joy at tribute my job without reservations .
the truth is that not being afraid provide very well informed skills .
this is just a little part of all the while we heard during all the end of last , in the second part of course .
already i heard given account for producing at estilismo to level professional not that he plans to pink , but i appreciate exactly alike what i got to people .
in need degradation speed : mail run out stream by teachers america .
comment
a trip , in principle despreocupado , it complicates to cause of a series of descuidos impropios of a trip routine during the hour of tomorrow .
in certain extent they managed top women expectations , but keeping not serving the bush , if , in reality , not be email do anything sent .
the new federal , to the back at title was add mail run , conversations big expectations already before the full estreno .
prometía that grant new buenos to the former saga of choosing need degradation speed and , to root out what shown , n as a game that no should leave post story once a gender of action without further .
also us devices curiosos by observing how einstein pm scenes insertadas , where the inspiration main vat of car and drunk by his own foot .
as perfect pattern in those series of nfs , the results do vary greatly thing posts to do that we hoped .
there bet that it can give by ports , but in the cómputo total was slow points to cause of anonymity wind , that already come apareciendo in the series since ago years .
in reality it was can even blend errors , but i was about more inclined to take desgana understandable that the programadores .
the adventure begins very well .
it watching predictability in a story , whose role , jack , has revealed problems personal savings for resolverlos , it feels offers fresh in a race illegal for teachers america .
watching sentáis at volante in the expense west , in san francisco , and excuses mission is going to raise her new york .
the idea is providing assistance interesting .
the map was divided into ten stages and , then , in more than fifty bet .
of denver was follows that every race has occurred by a map different and women stages are localizadas in different environments , that economists quite various components interesting .
of appeals way , one does does neither remotamente the feeling of being the game vulnerability always did same .
some of the original cluster even agradables to the view , although the program technical director gráfico is equivalent at the cia previous of the series .
by both , not that bad the other world .
but the trees by the desert , the landscape otoñal or pm top stories covered the snow machines a minor image very intimate .
addition , pm bet it diversifican of time in when writing a element atípico .
so , by example , in the desert watching encontráis a storm of her that sad to visibility .
in exchange , in those mountains there is plenty care for the no watching sepulte a avalancha .
according that , each one of those bet available very well developed .
only there a couple of models , but with that enough .
during a time , intentáis adelantar to a number of rival exigida de what normal in a race classical de , after tratáis of winning time de duel stale cronometrado de and then watching expected a duel against a single adversario .
in half the things this race to sometimes the police , that no ago but refused even more unusual things .
the novedad are the landscape beyond the car .
it hotels animaciones interactivas when jack , in the most of the cases , has been hiding in someone who you choice of ayudarlo , always pulsando the botón fair in the moment fair .
nothing complicated .
hard amber , without mentioning , that led chairs less costa in the game of what he might expect de in concrete there just three sisters .
but the result end is positive , because this element not escape from be upsetting and , in the context already mentioned , is one of the elements that make it was awful fun than interesting .
the model of driving still wearing prints of the episodes previous .
that wants say that they day of celebration already not possible great thing , but not been can say that makes visible .
if buscáis a simulación realistic , already tell search for another part .
but i once career designed with quite action he replied quite this style of driving , although shop find something better among the games of the competition .
date here , all the order .
but the problems arise after the baby page time .
to seller of what correct the students models of driving , already not happening so same with those ships .
of games in this kind not fully expected to recree deformaciones and crashed proven , but the fact before the grand blow against any object , not tell predict how reaccionará vuestro clothes , with what went no particular ideology in order .
is typical of , at do a adelantamiento very ajustado or creates the prosecution with a traffic normal , so just finished vehicles roces , but in other situations almost identical , vuestro clothes just doing piruetas descontroladas .
or even just totally destroyed .
thanks at system of reseteo , not arise big problems , but can poneros of evil humour .
the reseteos are programados of such form of , when sufres a crash or beat sales of the floor , the game you restituye at last point is rescue in the watergate .
without mentioning , in each race only be understood as five reseteos available .
if those consumís all , choice of blowing up career since the beginning .
so well not that most of a relief to recognize the need something not satisfied well , but not quite well in fiar .
to sometimes , p the reseteo help , only help the aprenderse the stage getting the facts .
a great deals of game that he made themselves facts are echo in different places .
in some curvas , by example , there is enter the one way specific categories of another way , are gone from estate .
other times you encontráis in some site vehicles &quot; civil &quot; always with the same configuration , although estéis the first , quintos or lleguéis five minutes before or after .
this makes the rabiar on all the situations , when veis that two autos that going at finding the directions suppress , your contrincante adelanta without problems , but when llegáis , debéis girar or rather energies .
is just when lleguéis , because available programmed by the police &quot; surprise &quot; always happen front of release narices .
the disappearances they also a bonus more .
during entire the starting llegaréis to begin where , without having to mind the time , always watching adelantará the same adversario in the same site .
addition this happens at final the last starting , in a long bridge , what went looking even more chocante .
vuestro oponente must come before the fine , at price of whatever .
when going ahead of you , watching planning to overview of the autos that come from front , so that at principle tell do papilla the car .
it can understand the idea of creating a game with maximum structures of suspense and adrenalina , but the execution is so apparent that surely you decepcione speaker .
and is a worthwhile , because although the model of comfort may stem , the game is fun and with action , of way that they often do is possible continue at detail what i dare p where .
and really appreciate just , if the merit it takes to stay with fifty forth features or the classification of the race for the no quepa the dull , or any other thing .
a idea inhabitual is the change in autos during those bet .
choice of varying vigilant to the surtidores of petrol at hand to the road , because continuous results choice of change in clothes , although the present great majority of the cases you suffice what i choice .
the autos it categories of three categories .
the sports are entitled to areas urban , the autos strong american to show highway rectas and the exóticos superdeportivos for a driver technical , by example , by roads of mountain with curvas .
addition edge narrativo main also n a knife in challenges parallel , is saying , there bet on places specific to conoceréis by those stories .
here conseguiréis not only medals , but also points out experience for vuestro profile , that serves both for the challenges as the cuentos .
at non of standard higher , the boy was asked william several possibilities , medicine for the prosecution and acabando with funds for the profile .
at himself time , there conectada a function autolog in line , that attempts vuestros results with the way other players and disponibiliza other functions bone .
one of the elements more difficult to understand is how available initial the last race in the history .
with the car llegáis date of tunnel of subway de overhead de , where you ponéis to sweep away darkest by those tracks de overhead de .
the velocímetro watching brand between 150 and 200 g g h j overhead de and , of suddenly , by running watching top of convoy of subway and it watching leads by william without further .
in the editorial sellers address a discussion about this period several days , on whether during the programming of game none giant red a little or if the authors of truth us leave for a bunch of bobos .
the part technical director game no one gets wet , but at least the effects visuales general cluster of the most of the cases agradables , to sometimes until soberbios .
web what happened to , in the moment later tensos it reduces the quality of image and , in times , of a way serious .
this affects about everything from the crowded where there involucrados many participants , when the quality of image native already not that theory .
the audio available well and the band sonora is a matter of tastes .
to end the back asleep the coastline to the extent part of group youth , the band sonora payment to the category &quot; each one of his father and the whole mother &quot; , but it can resulting from one torment of game only by his music .
the feeling end of need degradation speed : mail run is therefore quite confused .
if the game evitase errors absolutely stupid , us tour problems in baghdad that york run is the best game of nfs of the past years .
page of feeling that i was playing it gets thrown .
the diversión available asegurada , but preparaos because of errors watching slap in the eyes with the strength of dollars reflectores of airport .
the coros of the university carolina seminar in the event &quot; students to divorce &quot; .
the fta joint the day international the students students and the anniversary of the revolution of velvet as experience music will place for third time in the festival festa academica .
during the same , it covered twenty corales of educational and secondary and academics .
the festival graduate in graduate from two concerts in 17 of november .
&quot; the university carolina has a high participation in the festival &quot; .
between the coros current are the coral and the faculty of pedagogía and the faculty of humanidades , in the committee of kids were examined the rector václav hampl &quot; , workshop on responsible for the organization , jakub Čaloun .
the summit of all the kids is the story pricing for all the public at concert of the coros of secondary , that they camera on 17 of march to show 14 hours ahead of the libraría technical national the dejvice .
the program note with the participation of jazzista czech karel růžička and his celebration jazz mass .
by the night was camera in the places of celebration of the house municipal in vynohrady the viewers &quot; students to divorce &quot; , in the seminar corales universitarias , including the chorus of the uninversidad carolina .
the festa academica has as affluent not only hold benefits of day international the students students and remember the 22º anniversary of the revolution of velvet , but also complained at public school music ok at most sophisticated level and promote the creation colaborativa between young .
the inflated main thing is union czech and corales in collaboration with the institute of secondary jan kepler .
all the acts contaron with the support of mayor of prague , bohuslav svoboda , and the rector of the university carolina , václav hampl .
the festival details between the 16 and the 20 of november between prague and pardubice .
the frame offers , addition to the concerts celebrativos , entire a series of events blogs , entertainment accommodation of students and concerts matinales .
the low fees find more information on the page of kids www.festaacademica.cz
the ambassador face of eu , vicenová :
the czechs they an sites of negativistas and triumphant .
&quot; the treaty of lisbon has inevitably significantly at balance between those institutions individual &quot;
&quot; not me wanted to be montase a war without barracks &quot; .
&quot; estimating five , six years , before the start of situation was estabilice a little , it calme and the new players were acostumbren to their new roles &quot; , so began with conviction your conference in the faculty of law in posted czech face of eu , milena vicenová .
how do warn that seriously his late &quot; clear and openly about europe &quot; , that she already had the first part of his conference , when birds quilt each body of the eu and their relationships with such precision and clarity , web would be envidia of many researchers have the faculty of law and the u. carolina .
vicenová also ponderó the work of the new president permanent of advice european , herman van van :
&quot; what first arise pm criticism , that if it insulso , a servant grey , capable of taking any normal , but i have encountered in denver to all confusion , because remove their patterns to the mastered &quot; .
&quot; is a man who knows listen to the states of the moving states , communicate with them and that has a vision clarísima of western influence should go to expand &quot; .
the new medium of representative of the political external and security concerns explains to date on the question : &quot; ¿ who is this eu ? ¿ to what extent can llamarla ? &quot; . it about finding the one step important step in unification and the clarification of the last union policy of whom will states as china or india .
nobody wants prohibirnos the cheese and olomouc
vicenová it has occupied also the place agenda dressed , still and continue to board european in the future next .
the presidency czech and makes two years was a success .
the czechs it dublin and the crisis pregnancy shining , properly in crisis of gas and curriculum a summit for the association eastern .
the fall of government in ohio time they lighthouse keeper a deep well negative , that discovered thought to keeping .
the representation czech in the midst has led to time magazine commitments .
in words that the ambassador : &quot; a good recorded &quot; , not only the presidency , but also the crisis financial , that they available trying now .
by another side , there is quickly to budget for seven years of the eu , caused by the current situation presents , much more complicated .
if the budget is more simple and effective , ¿ what appeared t priority , what countries ring dvd support and what less ? that is something that will present the last agenda of the next meeting .
the ambassador reminded also their lemas main , with the fact came to europe : &quot; comments about europe with clarity &quot; .
&quot; what counts is the no wonder c packed abreviaciones feas , the extranjerismos or pm jergas that the people do understand &quot; .
&quot; ¿ how can a citizen understand that the brussels not be busy with truth of curvature of curvature curvos or redondos , mail from various sizes or that person us going to ban the cheese and olomouc ? &quot; .
also intended get more apparent diameter environment of the eu and closer to more people coming to show institutions nokia .
us expected to europe and women region
according to posted , the czechs they reputation of triumphant and the people often than good to settle negative that the positive .
addition , lamentó the low participation in the czech in those institutions nokia .
the blame is the range of factors , as the modestia of our candidates , your inability to write messages from motivation , but also the little support from the czech .
addition of success in the presidency czech , data from interface of strength and the curriculum of group of visegrad .
&quot; créanme that when studying to me a polish and a legend and it felt about a slovak , a french to my side i told : &quot; ¿ what , already brakes carrier , the north group of visegrad ? &quot; , and it looks like it feels ago any grace &quot; .
in the future , to the eu , according vicenová , you aguardan new regulations durísimas of political realities for the united states .
it made as something very real of choice for those two region , if not realize more , in europe , more than the new of &quot; the federation european &quot; .
&quot; we countries in the eurozona and countries outside the school eurozona &quot; .
&quot; we had space schengen and we also had procedure of cooperation drew &quot; .
&quot; it said by first time that only cooperen the countries that music and the fact not , that they formed outside &quot; .
&quot; these procedures will each time than it reinforced the high in those two region &quot; , it expects vicenová .
in this sense , also skills to play the pace and the herman van van in the application of principle , according to statistics all the subjects that affect them to punish the last eu it must discuss between the united states , not only among the members of the eurozona .
brand story :
the innovative ibm gambling your second century of existence
if someone buscase a term that definiese with great precision of strategy and ibm , the most wanting would &quot; long term &quot; .
for the public generally , ibm is the symbol of a revolution technological , a company that made clear as current and , without mentioning , already have passed hundred years since his release .
the basis of this nature largoplacista the knees of first head of the signing , the resolute thomas j. addressing sr.
already he coined the late in the many problems of world they solution if the people being prepared to consider .
your motto &quot; think h &quot; it became a your rows , in graduate at home were fare alliance of life of future giant blue was also the title of a magazine internal to ibm began to publish in 1935 de .
addressing was also the basis of a culture of company categories levantada .
&quot; for us , ibm means a typical to long-term term , a movement continuous the direction at future .
ibm has sobrevivido and com during hundred years by dividing reason , because it remained faithful to their early baseline , but without multiple to the changes around .
that we did allowed , during our first century , turned to technology , the business and the society .
expect architecture still more than our second century &quot; , workshop during his genius , the current director of the company samuel j. palmisano .
a system sofisticado
addressing , already in the years 30 , it preocupó the care of their employees as the desk of baťa in keeping de the employees of ibm were the ones first director mortgage that gozaron of holiday pagadas , insurance , profiles cool and a sofisticado system of educational that premiaba to the best inventores and sellers .
the same sofisticación to long-term term of theory ibm in the relationship with the client .
already since the beginning of company sent logic talentos de silva be a way pm headlines companies wars in complexity with any kind of discrimination , could choose without problems de .
in the line of the strategy systemic available to plan current of ibm , by the fact they palmisano what sustituirá the year that next one woman : virginia rometty .
she already named working int years in ibm , where did been head of sales , márquetin and strategies .
during the past years ibm has participated in the commanding sports online , rain of ideas in line , of the american arise revealed that corporate strategies e profound .
not that i stunning that sobren ideas , web of the signing working almost half million in people .
a institution with good bill
the position season in the business prospects to the company a picture internal and external mail .
&quot; since the beginning , ibm remained a concept of institution than that of company technological &quot; , phone call becker teacher of the harvard business school and autora the book on ibm rosabeth moss kanter .
&quot; ibm not that one company technological , but a company that sells sorted problems of business for users of the technology &quot; , puntualiza eric colony of the consultora video roslin .
as the hills company says there a difference between enter into the business and create directly an business .
ibm - or the &quot; great green &quot; - as they were known in the ee.uu. familiarmente to cause of his cool , it has become a human last hundred years in a way to improve companies of world .
is possibly the company technological more versátil de core both teams as programmes , infrastructure and services accommodation web within the company provides range of services , that going from humble date nanotecnología de .
holds the largest number of patents and all those companies tecnológicas faith and five of their employees have received the nobel prize .
between their inventos it helps to cash automatic , pm cards and payment , pm permutas financial , the codes of bars and the disquetes .
ibm facturará this year 220 thousand million in dollars . this year it has become a reality second signature technological advance adjustable rate market de la first is apple de , when voters by first time in 1996 to microsoft .
boys at future
not all of products e profound announced that satisfy the lived in the customers and the time difference ibm not apostó by his own system operational , watching g 2 , services in line prodigy trees computers ibm pcjr de .
&quot; if your business was founded in progress , not tell anclarse emotionally in the past &quot; , remote samuel j. palmisano .
by that , ibm not intend problems in building their foundations of other platforms de e equally , if not work , pm abandon de .
and therefore the difference in the midst , microsoft , that basically it keeps the stock mutual benefits with windows .
technology to future
in turn to sales , ibm was spins on all right services , of the american teens a fifth part are the programs and other fifth of equipment .
with all , still in 1990 the teams represented more than the half of the game of the suppliers .
to date the year 2000 , ibm has sold assets of low performance by a value total of 15 thousand million in dollars . during the last spring period , has invested 58 thousand million in dollars in the shopping for technology in future .
pm investment have followed since 2008 , when writing first time they courses in modern crisis financial world .
ibm images according pm premises of his first head , thomas j. addressing , anyone during the great crisis pregnancy of 29 rate pm investment .
seems to date now the company ibm has settled capear the crisis .
the value of those actions of ibm since the beginning of year 2008 has grown estratosféricamente date a 120 cent , the benefit net of the company does has left the increase .
the motto of ibm is annoying all , except his courage .
it can , web , wait to when bits of george crisis , this giant flexible aguantará .
history of ibm : since the cortadora of meats date of flights compare
the company ibm de joel review machines de it kemal in new york bureau hundred years , post their name original computing tabulating recording corporation .
the name ibm was league already in the year 1924 - originalmente it was a girl brand searching for those sucursales of canada and america the south .
the basis of wedlock place at birth and ibm input from the merger of four companies that are extend to the cooler and 1880 .
possessed inventos as the famous &quot; fax to fichar &quot; , that allows control of entry and exit the students employees .
the architect of the new company was the man who business charles ranlett flint , anyone until 1930 also intent your advice supervisor .
flint fichó at chief of a company that is competition , thomas j. addressing , for the thing ayudase with the management of the company .
the new leader eclipsó at founder of ibm de un ideas of addressing diet post of basis message on the back down sustentan the culture e identity corporativas de .
addressing fuelled by company until the year 1952 .
ibm , such as described his name , began with the production and sale of all kinds of equipment for business , since cortadores of meat and cheese until boxes sterling .
during the four days ago that addressing fuelled by company , the charging out duplicó in 9 million in dollars and began to circulate expansion of the company for the continents .
addressing was so crucial to the company that , almost after forty years posts in wheelchair the head , was potential for his son , thomas addressing junior .
under his direction , ibm began to work in the development of the intelligence artificial and developed the first language is programming .
in the years 60 the staff and the computer to ibm ayudaron to the moon to guiar the flights at room filled to mercury , rings and the 1969 the famous flight to the moon de .
while both , in 1964 ibm developed the first generation of computers , the series ibm system g 360 .
the clásicos &quot; pecés &quot; , that instauraron the standard of computers in ohio time , came at market with the name of ibm 5150 in 1981 .
twenty years after , ibm marketed your production of computers to the company china lenovo , the larger , by his side , woke up part of consultancy in the company pricewaterhouse coopers and began to offer a comprehensive advice and services to high value added .
the strategy that has paid ibm these three years ago is the concept smarter planet , is saying , &quot; a planet than intelligent &quot; .
your goal is done a use more rational and the technology , although still not been made planned pm eastern sky was has gone mad circumstances , by example , in what flow at transport and the administration of cities .
for the industry of trade , ibm presented no ago much of platform &quot; smart commerce &quot; that allows them to retailers manage the cycle commercial complete .
ibm has a long history of this country .
already in 1932 tender a branch in the czech and then , the first lady who was seated in the southern central and eastern .
today here , the ibm Čr operating income of centre strategic and externalización in brno .
the headquarters for europe central and eastern has settled into prague . also here there a team of research on reputation world that wilson with the recognition of voice .
rychtářová comments about his husband infiel :
h iveta , calm down deep burro , that already not what i h
darina rychtářová de 53 de said h it eased h
after the fact your husband josef rychtář de 53 de it rained become a major player shield of iveta bartošová de 45 de , but also his lover , darina dressed taking the hope of the josef it despertara of his dream pink and fine to home .
without mentioning already not going to wait and has established rules governing for the life of the future .
&quot; pepe can return to home , but already it as my partner &quot; , explained rychtářová .
when darina rychtářová hundreds during the summer to bartošové in his home , not could even imagine how secured his marriage .
to spread the word request , iveta not be counted shift int days after the Říčany and pepe not pan out of singer .
date declared retailers who is hated .
with the time , darina it resignó , apparently accepted the award of his husband e even be despidió of him for always .
to rychytář not allowed care with whom they acuesta your wife .
if a day rychtář rompiera with bartošová , your wife does what esperaría in home with the coffin open .
is the father biológico of my children and , if clinton live in check by his life in our home , nobody else echará &quot; .
&quot; but here gladly not already as my master and old borrico that they equivocó , but as a man at the memory search revealed links &quot; , said rychtářová and trust that already been approved desenganchado of his husband e stayed just in the respect mutual .
to josef date now it feels care of it woman he finished closed the door of dating .
&quot; well as decision to my wife &quot; .
&quot; shall with iveta and not there change possible &quot; .
&quot; my wife frame this as a marriage on the role of myself what respect &quot; .
&quot; the company continues to force , male students arreglos of home , cuido the garden , the home , male figures shopping &quot; .
&quot; darina and i told talk with usual , what unique is that not share bed , said rychtář .
if rychtářová encontrase a new love , him not being opondría .
&quot; not dormimos together and she did i interested , p where will either if has some novio .
already know that it drew away , i enamoré of iveta and advised entire the responsibility &quot; , siege josef .
the worst inner of those women : ¿ also be known to you ?
if pedís to the men who reported design of inquiry some inner classic of those women , in general each one of them are nombrará without thinking .
dear women , ¿ watching reconocéis in those lines following , where they citan certain inner femeninos that big deal hervir the blood to the boys ?
go to purchase
¿ you reprocha to his average orange that has unit of those purchases ?
¿ has to afford by what less a trapito in week ?
¿ you like buy it often takes pictures cheap ?
then the whole case was can say that go on purchases were has become a man vice .
some women were unable account for should appease her pasión by those purchases , by what less a little .
but i see , ¿ what woman could resistir the temptation to wander without further by those stores in clothes , search prendas well ajustadas and then probárselas all the rest probador de idealmente in all colours different de ?
although for the most of those women go to purchase it a playground , for the men can potentially lethal in a hell .
only democrat left times already asked has said he their bills that better to espere front of the door .
the dissatisfaction constant
&quot; ¿ not sure too eye ? &quot;
&quot; cereals adelgazar by what less five phones - ¿ should start to make exercise ? &quot;
&quot; ¿ of truth fee lived ? &quot;
¿ not allowed hypocritical these sentences ?
¿ to be done ?
then it a fact these women obsesionadas by his side .
not that i might die stop the cuidarse , but many men are alérgicos to listen to your partner quejarse all the time of his sword check .
the sex mail also available from agreement in which holds more increases the street from those complaints , more molestas it viagra pm women .
the order and the cook in first place
is as a tiovivo infinito .
cleared pm windows , pass the aspiradora , fregar the soil , signatures of dust , fregar the pools and all that by doing less two times by week .
¿ you reprocha to his partner had asked specifically pisado the soil clean with a foot dirty , to their children to publish persuaded a lavabo baby rolls and a estantería with doors of glass that both he took cleared ?
in case of the questionnaire sufra this &quot; handicap &quot; , pruebe to be aware of the bush was should refusal to be the order and the cook sellers not should hold be primordiales in the family .
this desire inofensivo of cleaning could amenazar your relationships and the welfare family .
do comments truths
&quot; the calzoncillos category were amazing with the clothes laundry . &quot;
&quot; si ponerte also tomorrow these calcetines category &quot;
&quot; h the trapo written not be leaving in the soil h &quot;
if needed those cometarios to his partner than twice at day , parent who chose lot bag of their opponents .
course . you do want say anything bad , only wants get to all sale in order .
such programs , if the men supiesen this , pm women , by his side , not looking sections comments .
calumnias and chismes
to some women suffer van also show calumnias , the chismes , but also those ofensas and the conspiración against someone .
pm women were concentran in those relationships , by that they like talking korean and things of such who , where , with whom , how to go do .
to do better to each one of chile to sometimes it feels escapa a small piece inofensivo chisme .
with the invisible in the heart , this is himself a nearly all those women .
by another side , there women chismosas of these are not being monitored , to show that they love chismorrear and what they call often , desprecian to all of uranium dangerous for the american forces around , on all the one team index female .
jágr and voráček ayudaron with their asistencias to win at philadelphia
the delantero of hockey jaromír jágr student at monday in the club of nhl with two asistencias that trajeron the victory on the philadelphia 5 : 3 in the cancha of carolina and sang to stop it from players ministries in the forefront of the initial .
in both cases claude giroux deutsche the ground in the star of 39 years , and gave a step further and was declared best player of party .
it adjudicó two asistencias in the party and also the length of jágr , jakub voráček .
after the encounter , jágr workshop face of journalists and overseas to giroux had predicted a great night .
&quot; already before the party he had said that promised triplete &quot; .
&quot; what presentía &quot; .
&quot; to sometimes seem emboscadas &quot; , explained jágr , after the fact your goals he diese a gol to giroux , to root of first trallazo the flyers .
a pink after also the second floor of team took a trace czech .
voráček it did with the disco beat behind the back portería of the hurricanes and what movió between the circles until maxim talbot , that metió gol .
a second before the turn first break a player local , patrick dwyer , was expulsado , but since the beginning of the second part already dominaron the flyers .
specifically for giroux .
after her with jágr metió the third gol , after the fact your disparo it colase by the fourth of the portería of wayne simmonds .
&quot; i love playing with him &quot; .
&quot; not want say that makes the best player in the cancha , but without doubt available between the three best &quot; , ponderó jágr to his station .
&quot; never been afraid would canada that at final the phone career going to stop with a deportista as he &quot; .
&quot; am very pleased to recruit &quot; .
&quot; want playing for him &quot; .
all these years in the nhl , my friends jugaban for me , and that now produces results &quot; , add jágr .
carolina gold became the party in a drama , with the gol of tuom ruutu and then the new of dwyer , of penalti , date active at a gol of distance .
matt read it camera over complications , although ended overcome the number of two against one .
&quot; pronger took a good suggestion that our field &quot; .
&quot; despejó the disco , i took speed and read it was quiet for part more alejada &quot; .
&quot; traté of atinarle at disco and i rest because what bird &quot; , describía voráček the last gol the party apparatus as what matches .
with his victory , philadelphia was has begun to show the race conference this .
the bow czech the montreal , jaroslav Špaček , not rugby date of final the party against buffalo , in the second third place laptops by a minor in the park higher the body .
the canadiens not only lost a player with fast experience in defense , but also by a difference in two goals , 2 : 3 .
tomáš plekanec not sufficiently advantage one of the shots .
more than the points plastic sheet coach local lamentó the great amount of lesionados in the last row , and playing the party just with five babies .
&quot; that is bad &quot; .
&quot; provides the party just with a player contractor , the rest were noveles &quot; .
&quot; in order , but it is against that no place can do anything , we have lidiar with keeping &quot; , said jacques martin .
&quot; both rotar to the players were returned fire us , not what exactly resistir &quot; .
&quot; had to determine more disturbing is playing , get the disco in our field &quot; .
&quot; and so stop bits &quot; , explained one of the ecosystem , p. k. subban .
the portero ondřej pavelec played with thirty info the winnipeg in the victory of 5 : 2 on the tampa bay .
the outlines of jets were aggressive by five players in lb so close to a series of derrotas that already duraban five matches .
how have evolved to pull the students travel agent 1989
date 1989 had a look czechoslovakia in charge only five agencies to travel horizontal ceiling : Čedok , sporturist , ckm , rekrea and autoturist .
pm agencies to travel to anyone time vendían in the most of the cases travel only at block posted , web of travel to west were very restringidos .
the tourists ministries accord , by both , of holiday to show beaches of the gdr de republic democratic german de , to the union soviet , de sochi in crimea in the sea black de to bulgaria and romania de both in the sea black de and i hungary de balaton de .
a vague positive was the period polls indicate 1962 and 1972 , when they could travel to yugoslavia , without mentioning , after the regime yugoslavo it inclinó towards the west and the travel of the tourists ministries were then proceeded restringidos .
a great satellites of socialism was the fact that he made public nuisance block posted de or whatever , also to the checoeslovacos de not be denied permitiese travel free e individually p even by the countries socialist .
if a citizen wanted travel individually , by example , to poland or to the union soviet , plea a letter from invitation , if not , the trip individual not statistically possible .
pm agencies to verify ofrecían in those times also reviewed at west , but one were supposed set up the spot with a lump of sleep and pass so entire the night , or having &quot; good known &quot; in the agency .
still so it all was won .
the so-called &quot; promise of change &quot; that was the condition for the travel at west , not be concedía to the &quot; people politically little reliable &quot; , that so bad could travel to sign .
the currency checoslovaca not statistically a single freely converted to , without guarantee of change , not statistically possible score of resources de la currency western concepts for travel to west .
the great majority of the uprising slovenia your holiday in his own country , by what he had a great number of cjd and houses of summer , that the czechs adquirían . this practice still persists .
the way of travel in the czech has suffered from 1989 a bona revolution .
while the remainder 1989 for us was the no illusions more pain pm holiday in the gdr or bulgaria , the year last fall ministries did 4,5 million in travel and holiday to countries that all the world .
hard nna great satellites , of the american today day longer not aware aware , the fact that he brought destination currently bookmakers , croatia , date 1989 not be replaced travel freely , because got part of the former is then .
to early in the years 90 it imposed on removing the visa for travel to the united neighbours of europe western , what i saw a wave huge of visits to washington duration , sobretodo to vienna or germany .
the checoeslovacos , during much time , not be confronted hartos of those excursiones at west , all the world record saw at what less by a moment .
by example , in paris dormían the groups of jews in the wind in stores in campaign , already have our income of fine not happy permitían pay a hotel or pension .
a feature typical of the uprising in ohio time was the proper weather is clothing de tomatoes , cheese , etc. de for saving .
another time important was the introduction of the convertibilidad of the crown czech , so our tourists port finally , after the decades , buy supplies currency western .
our program for life aumentaba and with him too are low media , what i around the 1997 enquiry a rising in the demand for housing .
with the rise of the demand for housing detected pm agencies , to date on 1997 with regularly , to prepare the air force companies colleges and flights chárter , what i did lift incredibly the prices of the trips were compared with the past , thanks to the possibility of getting respondents by the size of passengers .
to end the students 90 the century last , already have ministries sailors without visa to almost all of countries developed , except ee.uu. , what went simplificó still more comfortable clothes .
another time interesting in the history of tourism pos-revolucionario deutsche already in the 2000 , when was organized , thanks to a huge demand , the first flight direct from keeping her a country exótico , and was going thailand .
since anyone year , finding all the years flights chárter diabetes with tourists ministries site countries l to calurosos . this winter cold out volará directly from keeping her 12 destinations exóticos .
the countries exóticos the grades currently pursuing the 100 thousand ministries at year .
another time interesting to this era , that illustrates our development pos-revolucionario , came in the year 2008 .
the 17 of november and 2008 , ee.uu. squeezed the visa for the tourists ministries , with what i our country club to be among the countries more developed the world .
in 2008 the czechs , by first time in his history , have passed over the last half of their holiday in the student test 50,3 cent de and by early time in his history , it have malawi in travel at abroad than the 15 thousand reserved czk by arthur , including the ceiling in the siege of stay .
gift house general ordinary for choose at president , that could undermine the new of view dead .
since ago almost five months of football czech available without president and is likely to be discontinued the window hašek as president of the federation czech and futbol de faČr de , not be conocerá p after the senior high school male house general extraordinary that will place this thursday in nymburk .
of fact , still not been taken news to a settlement on those rules are voting to continue .
without borders playing , not be able vote even for choose between the three candidates .
the low to presidir the football czech are jindřich rajchl , miroslav pelta and tomáš paclík .
hašek renunció to his office in june not yet before rectify it your colleagues with the purpose of finding a person mail that supiese deals of football in the future .
without mentioning , after the caribbean to was hašek , it brutality a controversy among those two federaciones of the association guides to get to a settlement to pick a candidate common .
result delivery of denver in 16 of september when asked to be elected to new president .
the delegates to the house general was met at included in the house national de národní dům de , cambridge in the park praguense of smíchov , because those conversations were announced blocked and not just in economics at method of choice .
not be calculated to any consensus p in economics from whom he was standing general had law to vote - just the representatives details or too are delegates with scrum powers .
to date on edge time and because they this unique view , it resulted a agreement partial , transformation also by the recommendation of institute of state and right , according to statistics from representation by scrum powers not that possible .
without mentioning , pm disputes about the code election diet reviews .
more light on the situation began not be thrown p the committee executive who , in their meetings , ordinarias or extraordinary , directions not temple nothing .
the opinion on the possibility of voting has changed a couple of times already , but the point capitol still remains the same .
the question is the next : ¿ of what occurred proceed in the third round for preventing the point dead ?
&quot; the dispute graduate in graduate from whether it should proceed to agree with the estatutos or find another model &quot; , says dušan svoboda , one of the three vicepresidentes of the faČr , that , since the founding of the association , represents the futbol professional .
according to model proposed by the estatutos , in the third round player at candidate who spends more broadly than support in the federation to the west spring your candidacy .
the region of northern available ready to get to a compromise to be able win at candidate with a greater percentage total of votes in both federaciones .
the part bohemia , without mentioning , analogy of mental and that the winner , according these calculations porcentuales , installed account of most of at least two thirds .
&quot; this him quitaría , without mentioning , the sense to show two rounds previous and negaría by complete the concept of system bicameral &quot; , so it as svoboda see those early in the park morava , according what went so best guess not touching the floor and vote according to estatutos files .
with what seemed , fashion , available to agree also tomaš paclík , although it represents the largest minority election established by the estatutos of all the candidates processes more to pelta .
&quot; i like that was votara at maximum of agreement with the estatutos &quot; .
&quot; for the no place inventen any tontería comments about the conversation as the last decade house general &quot; , says the fire of victory plzen , that they postula by first time as david and i worked their comments mainly in combat in pelta .
pelta still remains optimistic .
according him , in nymburk it wisely on the new president and he believes that the candidates in the future cooperaran of teaching constructive .
&quot; all those pasiones it apaciguarán with the party of today are our team national the world cup european .
&quot; the football again to be making , and so it cooperara more to taste &quot; phone to representative of jablonice , that the students three candidates has more experience in management of football , both to level professional as regional .
rajchl is the most reluctant .
&quot; hope that they eat it a agreement , but , by walking , the situation is much more complicated . &quot;
&quot; not be treated the conflict between bohemios and moravos , but there compare the ajustar pm rules to his own convenience . &quot;
&quot; this may reflect both result an new plain of the house general . &quot;
&quot; of all likelihood , hope that they band of sense common &quot; , said rajchl .
already not go far time for the beach pm parts wait to a settlement .
some deep pool of medicine in montenegro , but ¿ who can blame date that accepts the party if the team of football study complete ?
the air special , in the back slowly to travel to podgorica , between other states vicepresidentes dalibor kucera and rajchl , not been broken this morning by problems technical in prague , taking the broad range alternative to horses to identify the committee executive at first round will place the party of classification .
quizas the meeting adaptation , by charging , could be the start competing place to level ministerial , that , according signature , it camera this wednesday .
to josef dobeš , minister of education , youth and sports , you like much clauses to show parts divided into the organization integrating more powerful of country for the call comes to a settlement .
there much in game : the benefits horizontal , the credibility of football and also the next house general of committee central to the federation checoslovaca the sport de Čstv de that big instruments of a new direction at sport czech after the problems financial of the house of loterías sazka .
paclík luchará by reaching the presidency , because it reflects a candidate than adequate .
if the head of the futbolistas of pilsen , tomaš paclik , before the turn house general extraordinary conociera the name of a candidate archives that satisficiese all their ideas about the new president of the federation czech and football de faČr de , p was introduce as david to a shelter so relevant .
&quot; if hot one person appropriate , request mortgages for her and not me introduce as david to show elections . &quot;
&quot; but until the day of celebration not be taken shipping find a person so &quot; , said paclík for the agency of news czech de Čtk de
what i justifies to paclík to enter into the challenge with miroslav pelta and henry rajchl is exactly the possibility of residents to pelta , the course winner of those elections , that opens the way to the presidency of the federation czech and futbol de faČr de .
paclík also puntualiza that , in case except , permanecería in the office of president just until 2013 , when acceptance of dance in the house general ordinary .
in conjunction office he would see to a expert and good managing the no surprise too related with the events fans .
&quot; already heard about with some people who show up could afford to mind &quot; .
&quot; for me was a crazy hear from some say that the type time nor even want identify with the football czech . &quot;
&quot; i like change toward vision &quot; , add .
what i supposed more irritating to paclík in this moment is the relationship of pelta with the president of the association of football regional and pilsen pianist berbr , a man with a past controversial , known outside the mundillo as a poderoso lobista with capacity of influence in the vote in the delegates to the house general .
for paclík is so good see it pelta desk in the sillón band .
&quot; in case of the gane , it clay soil status educational and nothing in the football change &quot; .
&quot; with the support of berbra , a man of business ambitious , the football spectacle still less apparent &quot; , said paclík .
featured also the fact that he makes few years of name is pelta was bold with a formal telephone during the investigation of a case of corruption , of the sixteenth pelta cameras impune .
&quot; not know what prestige at football could shoot the victory of pelta . &quot;
&quot; and with what appears us peasant in uefa and the designer &quot; , said paclík , that also makes with certain driver your statement previous that &quot; vendería the club pilsen if pelta it joins the president &quot; .
in the case of winning elections elections of thursday , paclík could arise from cooperation with pelta in the future .
of same opinion is the other candidate , rajchl , that has been supported by paclík before the turn house general of september the stones in a fiasco .
&quot; frame de pelta de would be first at the solitary &quot; .
&quot; is very capable . &quot;
&quot; i do could imagine , by example , as head of the representation &quot; .
&quot; but not as managing the one association &quot; .
&quot; i hear meto pm narices there where do i feel capable &quot; , added paclík , that the september suscitó fast attention by supporting the suspension of the committee of Árbitros presidida by ludek macel , potential after by dagmar damkova .
paclík soft that they atrevería to manage the association .
inner to their feet and management of those companies private , web since the summer last thing too was director of pilsen , that with his support took the may be triunfo in first division .
&quot; i learned to change some things in the area of football and contribute to their practice safe . &quot;
&quot; for reducing the influence of some groups of pressure , that probably tend to overestimate the women decisions of committee refunded and the canadians , merger situations truths , said paclík without hidden his antipatías towards the president of sparta daniel křetínský .
a from those priorities also would be a master of relationship between the faČr and the committee olímpico czech , with the help of columbia ejercía pressure on the leaders political order that socrates more money at sport of the tax on the lottery .
&quot; is one of the problems key piece of it should conducting the new president . &quot;
&quot; if aumentaran the tax on the games of chance , as what anuncian the parties political , percent your arguments , but , frankly , they are pretty leads going to stop all this money &quot; , com .
ademas , paclík now it has become account even his association with the club pilsner , although he himself says that the president of the faČr must be &quot; not married &quot; .
pelta is to his first recognize with jablonec and rajchl with dukla of prague .
&quot; not that ideal . &quot;
&quot; but not see sense at fact that yield preach my actions of club in pilsen to another person to walk back there after a year and half &quot; , said paclík .
pelta promised to take faČr new estatutos that acabarían with the point dead of those elections .
two days before the turn house general of the association of football coach at the candidates to the presidency , miroslav pelt , promised to , in case of religion elected , coordinating the last faČr submit few new estatutos that sirvieran definitely get spot , in the future , pm controversy in economics at regulation election .
the representative of jablonec is optimistic that holds up the meeting of this thursday in nymburk , and believes that the conflict preelectoral could move towards a solution today with the possible victoria williams team of football .
already before the election elections not investment in september , pelta promised practices , in case of religion elected , indian in the representation of the custom funds .
decided participate in the last minute to the latest house general , by what he discovered postponed the two months he could go well for gays and paint , in a context than ample , your ideas about the management of football .
&quot; the people of all the levels were plenty of football hall mirror much time and effort website this thursday at new president . &quot;
&quot; feel that has come to depend on the strings gestione the association &quot; , stock of man who was couples mainly with the club of jablonice , but i worked in the sparta and the rest committee executive of the association .
by this reason , believes account enough experience to manage the football czech .
available convinced that behind the students problems current with those elections scheduled for participant in hung in the era of ivan hašek .
&quot; unfortunately , in the house general of june were gathered from estatutos that no were so lifts as all signing . &quot;
&quot; if excluimos certain interpretations , we just president kennedy from september &quot; , warned pelta .
exactly the readaptación the document more important than the association sort out usó as señuelo for winning to the delegates .
&quot; if i eligen president , i do counts as a challenge personal and i prepared to respond to recognize the need this falle . &quot;
&quot; is a matter of principle , without the upper not tolerate exist &quot; , says pelta .
addition , in theory , francisco not ethiopia with their opponents .
already in the past had notify the edge rows sisters with henry rajchl , at the respects by his teacher in right , post aware of the whole oponente would also his first tim .
already wearing long time without attack to thomas paclík anyone , at opposite of pelta , not stopped pawn with head .
&quot; leads more than a year in the world of football , and already has achieved some successes . &quot;
&quot; your dog but were vergonzosos and fast people crying cookies for the campaign swing . &quot;
&quot; by that many of them dudan on his real character &quot; , said to her opponent pelta , that still remains faithful to show statements announced already in september .
your weapon more powerful is , according him , your knowledge of football , since those organizations more texas star pm plus .
this latest should be escaparate of promotion of football .
&quot; logo , intentaría spot all the escándalos that arose from cause of the bohemians as projected the scandal of corruption of year last . &quot;
&quot; immediately after i involucraría in those discussions with the industry public and the private , for ensure that led enough money to all the football &quot; , said recently two months to the Čtk the candidate of 46 years .
to transform also promised to his appointment as president of football not comportaría any modification personal and the plantilla .
&quot; charge that causes first started tasks of each option &quot; , said channel to strahov where , after a long period of anarquía , somalia a nerviosismo arts .
to spread the students scenarios doomsday current that they vaticinan face of next house general , him believes that the delegates not summer in vain this thursday at nymburk .
&quot; if the only point of variance explained how vote in the third round , without doubt what sights overcome .
&quot; the football needs credibility , the larger set recover only if by charging has a leader &quot; , still two days before the turn adult more decisive in his career in charge , pelta still remains optimistic .
rajchl enforce , that under his leadership , the faČr empezaría to work with organized .
if the police quarter house general assembly elected to present tim jindrich rajchl as new president of the association of football czech , fast people were showing sellers resentida .
rajchl enforce the , in case of religion elected , it trabajaría hard .
post implement a change systematic and make it to members of committee executive orders responsible for every area of football individually .
also be accomplished through sorted out case of the bohemians , improve relations relations with the teams and the designer , get more money for the football and continue with the work started by the previous president ivan hašek .
&quot; as president , i like sound so complete circle football &quot; .
&quot; since the contacts international with the teams and the designer date of choice , describe for the football career or the invariably the young futbolistas of high performance . &quot;
&quot; with this does want say that what newspapers all just &quot; , said rajchl in a interview for the Čtk .
&quot; am a player in team and i stick figures skills of committee executive of such factors as each member can devote to a younger corporate . &quot;
&quot; and asignaré tasks performed for the next football can , in each one of those segmentos , continue forward with much momentum &quot; .
&quot; to try people this probably not allowed gustará , because investors start to work very hard and not just criticism of work to the others &quot; , added .
due to the atmosphere of criticism in the movement futbolístico , it says that has found the possibility of not tell the new airport candidate .
&quot; all know , that work 20 hours joys . &quot;
&quot; but anyone know what this place sense of the no comparable people behind the phone to me valuable and obstaculizará to each step &quot; , explained so the reason for his indecisión .
&quot; fast people i talked said that no records contacted by folk , because then they sophie by vencidos also the other &quot; .
&quot; it about the fate faith for not leave so , without further &quot; , said .
according say , you justifies also continue to work out already started with hašek .
&quot; during those two years , it delhi a great part of work that no wish to now be fading &quot; .
&quot; there processes that are created started and i will stay effect within the child couple of years and not me like that someone who pare &quot; , announced foot by the fact that he , if eligieran at another candidate , miroslav pelta , the situation in the partnership could return to be asked as was before the turn back the hašek .
&quot; i think it was hoped , and is something that , in my opinion , mirek pelta not that she was struck .
&quot; behind the audience available on all across town people who are ocuparía the football for the outside ski a privilege to pass johnson elected . &quot;
&quot; it like can reprochar a lot of things , but not the fact that he am i speaking of someone . &quot;
&quot; bid be objective . &quot;
&quot; want something a football for all , because only so it sentirán well all the bad only the eighth &quot; , said rajchl .
bands also the idea that only grown spa in president .
&quot; although some people seeking mp what else , i was falling do what online course czk . &quot;
&quot; by example , is hour of thinking in the fact that divide the second division in a part czech and the other morava , core winners irían to the first division &quot; .
&quot; not be questioned by situation current in the back bedroom only three teams in moravia , what i ever a problem for the players moravos young &quot; , said rajchl .
although it is pugna of those elections presidential it sumó tomaš paclík , president of club pilsner , rajchl not leaving the hollow of his chances of religion elected .
&quot; still feel pain a strong support from the federation czech , the larger i checked as his pocket and took estate that behind the ears there lyrics attack &quot; , said rajchl , core lyrics ending the savings and turned tens of millions of reserved for contracts desventajosos , pm table in contracts televisivos and women wear on the law of the lottery .
by another side , courtesy your part of blame to go to federation not interfere references .
and while announces that pelta available &quot; descalificado for affection for posted on the football czech &quot; , viewed at another federal , paclík , as a candidate mail that yes has something to offer at football .
&quot; nobody can deny that did a great job for the pilsen time year &quot; .
&quot; in the case of the male elected , probably continue what i already started ivan hašek and not cambiaria of teaching significantly to plantilla the staff at the constellation . &quot;
&quot; not want use that to my please &quot; , evalúa so i look rival rajchl .
pm pools more frequently than europe
jump at blue
by laura stanek
pools since a laser incredible , buddhist season in budapest : anyone happy europe can live your maravilla blue , and , after a visit to the city or a caminata , courier your piernas cansadas in bathing burbujeantes .
a book shows where they stand in better welfare in the water .
when page meder october a trip to research during the year and half past , had something to do whatever faltar in his bag , a bañador .
tumbada of wall above the water , telescope to picasso cúpula in what high , nadaba towards the angelotes of mármol , that the vast in the verge of the pool and it asombraba face of converting lying modernista rebuilt meticulosamente .
you bet he bath , replaced note in his libreta at time of all the details interesting about the style and the history of building .
the historiadora arquitectónica meder exploró more than 200 pools of this kind of those cool in pan recent book &quot; badefreuden &quot; : pm pools covered in munich , the historical palaces of toilet in the jungle black , pm &quot; metal of concrete &quot; in taunus .
october your &quot; trip by the season than claiming that centroeuropa &quot; by 13 countries : addition to germany , austria and switzerland , visited places of italy , france , the republic czech , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania , poland , and a city respectively in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
this german and 46 years is a real supporter of the culture of toilet .
not want account nothing to see with the sport , says meder , only the water is different .
only he der that the fans at bath homes that conformarse with azulejos blue and smell it restoration , while the students sports to sweep can breathe the fascinating taste of the woods of abetos or listen to flair trinos of the pet in the park .
&quot; a day i asked why do women pools they are be provided so feas &quot; , phone this progressive and vienna .
&quot; guide to coleccionar pools fine . &quot;
the surface of water double the architecture .
the chapoteo in the pool and the etéreos meats and the sauna . the factor of welfare in those pools is so large because it atienden all the ways , according meder .
and if the pentagon was striving , pm pools covered can be a real gift for the blind : &quot; in place of soil , in the season was holding a surface of water . &quot;
&quot; by a quarter is transparent , by another part map of beauty of all the building . &quot;
all about dobla ópticamente : pm top bóvedas , the azulejos of colours , the trampolines .
the book with photographs of format small &quot; badefreuden &quot; spiritual in 190 pages data very interesting about the architecture and the history of art in the oasis historical the welfare , but , mainly , page cork in mri at blue .
meder , the coleccionista of pools discover the shadow leading to their biological in hungary .
along to the magníficos season medicinales as the toilet and széchenyi of budapest , of 100 years , it helps companies waters with stomach in a peculiar cavidad kárstica de season in cavidades in miskolc-tapolca de , so as few termas , whose pools are the water alcalinas and it helps to a building with delight of bottle filled városi termálfürdö in jászberény de .
many pools descubiertas in switzerland and austria p input spectacular : while across the city version of eyes on the pool techada of zurich , it can look at arlberb , lying on snow , since the pool external to a toilet in james . antón , and : in the toilet turkish there a window from the back down may observe the practice of those forth from ski .
the design , such programs , more quickly expected to the customers in längenfeld : the reverend the water and Ötztal seems a ovni that just about landed in the alps .
of three sources reviews soar vapor in winter , while the left fund companies mountains of Ötztal it fingers in the sky .
alhambra in the jungle black
to meder , the coleccionista of pools , not allowed invadía the smell it restoration of all those pools .
many season termales huelen to sulphur , in the season of Árpád in békescsaba , hungary , the fever to gasóleo is so strong that the people believed could come to a toilet health .
the smell next to show waters medicinales that contain bicarbonato and álcali and whose légamo it pega to the skin at enter into the pool , a widely the welfare of a way special .
page meder also be decepcionó in a place in his quest for places bonitos for the toilet , when peter center pools descubiertas and bathing in sun in the toilet czech and luhatschowitz , it wound with a score blocked .
the toilet and 1902 the architect duan jurkovic was closed .
when meder miró to via the women desmoronadas windows of building modernista red , white and yellow , l to bath grow between the azulejos .
the decline contrarrestaba in a pool encantadora in the jungle black : the palace spa in bad wildbald .
these season ticket three phases of construction after the los categories not only were unable logic elements neorománicos of times in his building in 1844 , if not too heavy hall arab of style alhambra , added in 1900 .
since his esmerada modernisation in 1995 , the palace spa is the toilet bookmakers of the coleccionista of pools , page meder , and not just because whatever natural of the jungle black .
&quot; has long sought fusionar different lifestyles arquitectónicos in a unit so incredible &quot; , phone meder .
in a palace so the inmersión in the pool spa apparently not intend fast importance .
speculation modify
the deutsche bank forgotten the business of those books raw
by christian teevs
¿ lama is deutsche bank to his business with raw materials lake ?
according information about spiegel-online , josef deutsche has commissioned a group of work for checking accounts consequences of the speculation for the poor of world .
in january , the head of consortium post show pm consequences .
hamburg ,
for the citizens , the subject being clear , according a study , at 84 by display of the germans did they seem acceptable to the banks especulen with those raw materials lake as the wheat or the corn .
two thirds of the encuestados reivindican that the deutsche bank and other institutions crediticias it evolved into this business because pressures of problems in the most poor of world .
this is the result of a survey by ordering the last organization of consumers foodwatch .
the study was based on a report submitted to foodwatch to late in october .
the author harald schumann co in those risks on those sewer and raw materials presents gift top of prices , and the banks toll with the responsibility of problem world of hunger .
the campaign of terror of consumer concerns christ in concrete to josef deutsche , director of deutsche bank , although the differences banks as goldman sachs or morgan stanley borne out walking along .
originariamente , pm betting on raw materials are hair for protecting her to dealers in those oscilaciones of the prices .
the main experts are the agreement in which the players were have desacoplado of those bidding and calls , and sacan earnings of the costs of the most poor .
deutsche reaccionó face pm criticism of form different than the competitors mortgage : promised review those demands and said that no business &quot; worth reservation in good reputation of deutsche bank &quot; .
according information about der online , a group of work international desk revisando pm demands of report of foodwatch .
the analysis must be completed at end of year , then they covered the results to the directive of deutsche bank , along with the recommendation of how manejar the subject .
to end the january , the direction of bank informará of those consequences .
at final could buffer a reduction of business and women raw materials , or even his total quantity .
deutsche francisco blinkers your picture .
thilo bode , founder of foodwatch , took the news , but reaffirmed their criticism at sector financial : &quot; pm betting to pull graduate of food show that way especially drastic how to despiadados banks perjudican currently the welfare public . &quot;
deutsche it happened like the biggest cabildero banking , especially in urban obligations .
&quot; the deutsche bank loan cuts all those investments in his portfolio in those who associate in game of money for betting on prices travel &quot; , workshop bode .
&quot; page so if dr crew of subject of the people who passes hunger or the reputation of deutsche bank . &quot;
the inspection of dr hard amber to first sight , but being clear that the chief of consortium post offer a picture perfect few months before the fall your job .
the monday , the deutsche bank published in the president of the junta directive change something different to do it planeado in the council of administration .
with the dignified and the controversial speculation modify can perfeccionar your picture .
and needs to shift you importen options loss , of that was ocupará your successor .
two thirds anularían the investment in raw materials
foodwatch it striving to keep high school pressure on the workforce .
date of time , more than 30.000 internautas have participated in the campaign of the organization .
the tuesday , bode published in survey for the american heart institute forsa had obtained from 1.001 people in 7 and 8 of november .
virginia in 10 by display fun legitimate to the deutsche bank ofreciera investment in those who were apostaran the prices of the food .
many customers of bank deaf consequences personal style logic that his bank participaba in such business : according to preliminary , two thirds anularían all those investments in those who enter money to the speculation modify .
the 43 by display desaconsejaría a bank loan to their cigarettes , the 49 by display solicitaría , after the reflect , cuts his mind and was replaced it another institute .
the house 21 in vienna
the flag minor
by ingeborg wiensowski
a story about architecture with ups and a final happy , the flag of the exhibition catalogue austrian and brussels to 1958 bonus prizes , tim in vienna for a museum , it became fill the edge desmoronó .
now it reabre as home to exhibitions .
the architecture of postgerra modern apasiona , pm forms guidelines , the halls of glass , pm curvas valientes and the new materials and construction , classic of thinking about the progress technical , for what he , the flag austriaco the architect knight schwanzer for the exhibition catalogue of brussels to 1958 is a classic archives and known .
the flag of schwanzer bonus then the finishing prix de architecture by his moves and floating construction of steel and glass .
the construction was considered date of birth defects milestone contemporary of the architecture .
did at architect so well-known that also built on rent a austria in the next exposure universal .
with his legendaria tower of four cilindros for mbw more of building adyacente aplanado in munich , institute at be ending known .
your rent , designed as a construction worker for exhibitions were levantó after the death exposure universal in the schweizer garten along to the station of southern of vienna , it reformó in 1962 and within about site a museum of art 20 , it wound up &quot; home 20 &quot; .
the building was right but carecía of the stars and technology district for a museum piece without any rock for colgar art , p a good environment .
to spread the result was used until the last art historian at vienna took a new home .
the building looks fill since 2001 and decae each time than .
currently , the architect adolf krischanitz reformó the flag , now what winning &quot; home 21 &quot; and it usará in the future as museum of art historian .
the tuesday by the late be site of museum belvedere , at the divine in home , with the first exhibition , a coup de bob in iraq way .
agnes husslein-arco , the new beginning for the crown belvedere austrian since 2007 , decree a new beginning .
husslein-arco , doctora in history of art with a considerable career , between other things , patinadora pablo on ice for his youth , more later in sotheby , the museum guggenheim and beginning fundadora the museum of art modern the salzburgo , october pm reforms with the insistence of political and protectors of the monuments , proporcionó funds public and patrocinadores private and set his use .
to exception of art historian , it deviant pm works of escultor fritz wotruba of the foundation homónima , should explain a cafeteria and a librería and also built a building that offices .
control manufacturing , budget under
krischanitz was the best choice for doing .
not only because reformó of teaching sensitive to secession of joseph olbrichs in vienna , what amplió and it feels adjudicó the contest , if not because estudió with schwanzwer in the university technical and vienna and the rent was to him a &quot; place important components capture &quot; , in the back contemplaba &quot; almost all of purposes of week &quot; pm exhibitions .
rape of project and the problem of building , that disappeared with his transportation to vienna in his tracks and spatial pattern generosity and easily .
in those reforms current there big problems , the building was &quot; a devorador of energy &quot; , said krischanitz .
it upside the profile of those windows of the corridor of glass , it instaló a glass aislante tiger stadium forge a glass and it remplazó the roof of glass by a glass of security special .
the bridges térmicos and women vigas of steel was reforzaron or remplazaron and the limits of amianto it rehabilitaron .
two display it emplearon for the new use , a panel of light skin between the white and the street spiritual the iluminación , a bridge engineering for enter at building almost certainly , but still the flag of schwanzer .
surface streets doors external environments , the house looks pintada in subscribe old caoba and protegida against the oxidación .
and the room and watched it exactly as was before .
and all this with a control manufacturing by side of the office of monuments and a low budget .
&quot; to match had to find material that would good , cheap and also student to the office of environmental and monuments &quot; , phone krischanitz and pose for a soil áspero in the sótano .
to spread the beach pm jazz , problems and reforms , the building was maintained flexible and plain .
what the flag &quot; that wine and brussels &quot; has been difficult , workshop ago little krischanitz , a typical &quot; appearance accidental in the history of the city &quot; .
a architecture so weak &quot; always in the first track &quot; and by that wanted &quot; scientists to wake appropriate &quot; .
in this case the house 21 not being in the first track , has happened a coup de bob urbanístico . the garden new and planeado &quot; estate of the station central &quot; , with housing and offices , it happened along at schweizer garten .
and perhaps once surprise another blow to bob : the house 21 could receive a destination for another building a krischanitz , web of coleccionista francesca von otto said purchased the room and art temporary berlinesa and , as they lira , negotiate with the city on a place neighbour in the schweizer garten .
deutsche bahn spectacular a package of crisis in winter to kick off million
the company has ideado a plan to crisis , that evitaría pm averías of the trains were winter .
must doblarse the number of personal .
what i like millions .
in the fight against drugs averías and continued to have trains weather for the winter , deutsche bahn it has malawi in this year than the 70 million in eur , according a magazine periodístico .
the newspaper &quot; bild &quot; journal , adduced a plan to crisis indicate the group , of those investments relevant date 2005 of a total of approximately one 300 million in eur .
for what he was determined get a better availability of the vehicle and the last network railway still with a long extreme .
between other things , it planifica doblar the employees membership and integrated into 16.000 posts for warmer in snow and women links and the results andenes .
the goal is cleared the andenes of snow and ice for the operation and the 90 by display of those injuries necessary for the operation of the term of four to five hours .
ago two months , rüdiger grube , president of deutsche bahn , avisó of averías and continued to have trains also during this winter after a summit with the government and the industry .
the winter last deutsche bahn connecticut verification problems in the transport of passenger , already have , between other things , you faltaron reservations face conditions meteorológicas predictions .
many trains regional new mexico years waiting a stadium in the office federal railway .
addition there a slightly in the delivery of the trains were classified speed .
deutsche bahn philippines since age of dna from themes of the trains were classified speed with frequently in the workshop , after the fact a train of high speed sufriera the rotura of a backbone of the station central to colony .
the deutsche bank paid fines millonarias in the ee.uu.
after the tumulto on the president josef ackerman , n a new problem of the ee.uu. , the deutsche bank loan pay there a fine millonaria .
as if the problems not caught fire for the deutche deutsche , your last in the ee.uu. church at giant of entertainment , the institute of frankfurt paid 145 million in dollars de 106 million in eur de in a mood , for putting end to show unleashed debidas to the bankruptcy of five major cooperative of credit during the crisis financial .
it about the nature sale of titles hipotecarios .
the regulatory and markets financial ncua recrimina to many large banks inducir to show cooperative of credit with sunglasses promises to buy products financial reporting have minimizado the risks .
such titles lost his courage during the crisis financial and fridays at the banks to show unidentified .
&quot; are satisfied with power definitions of subject without the women everywhere homes that hunters to the courts &quot; , said a spokesman the deutsche bank in new york .
the bank did soft fur fault with the agreement .
this also be applied to citigroup , that saddam a payment of 20,5 million in dollars .
debbie matz , president of the ncua , took the deferencia of both institutions financial .
the pen credit version functions de ncua de is responsible for those cooperative of credit for the ee.uu. and drug testing in case of bankruptcy for protecting women investment in customers .
the ncua francisco reintegrar pm loss of millions originadas .
the agreements currently closed are your first type .
the regulatory also had asked accounts to other major banks and the summer entablado pleitos against jpmorgan chase , the royal deutsche editor scotland and goldman sachs .
in the matter of the electricity titles hipotecarios , it kid from the commanding values respaldados by mortgages .
these are based on credit housing .
when the booms buildings of the ee.uu. estalló in 2007 , mission to the perdición to many firms financial .
in september of 2008 , in the park álgido of the crisis financial , the bank of investment american lehman brothers were collapsed .
although the results sucedieron ago some years , currently sopla a wind complicated for the banks mortgage .
the investors who were inspection have entablado incontables processes for receiving compensation or sancionar faults .
the agency federal of financiamiento of housing de fhfa in their corporate in english de has occurred in greater numbers of visitors .
reprocha to the 18 big banks international that women two agencies hipotecarias horizontal mortgage fannie mae and freddie mac it looked suspend the business of those mortgages in a volume of approximately 200 thousand million in dollars .
also the deutsche bank has a demand for the fhfa , it about the business for value of 14,2 thousand million in dollars of year 2005 at 2007 .
the inspection requires that the institute of frankfurt written about &quot; pm loss substantial &quot; , without gray one figure accurate .
the deutsche bank rejected those debts as unfounded and explained that wants composer .
warren buffett helps with 10 thousand million to ibm
the gurú of those finance , buffett , pyramid with strength in the company of technology in the information ibm .
since march has acquired actions by a value of more than ten thousand dollars in dollars .
date now the big investor american warren buffett always been declared no invest in companies that computers p technologies of the information already have the prospects of development to long-term term of those companies are negative .
but has read the report noted that ibm and changed his mind about investing in the industry .
charged understand much earlier than ibm offers on all services and procura systems of computers to the departments of technology in the information that other companies .
in the world financial , a investment in warren buffett it considers such a firm .
by what both , the primitiva of technology in the information needs paris &quot; sir ibm &quot; .
buffett desveló currently in the clinton is economy cnbc that has acquired actions of ibm for a value of 10,7 thousands of dollars in dollars from march .
your berkshire hathaway and investment has ascendido with keeping her a look pm maintenance accionistas of ibm with a show of 5,5 by display .
buffett said that ibm not sufficiently date now nothing of commitment .
elogió to the direction of being occupied by the benefits cover the entire crisis pregnancy .
&quot; have done a lot genial &quot; , workshop buffett on the strategy .
ibm frame from ago some time to services for technologies of the information lucrativos as the operation of educational and adding .
the old pages computer to more than 100 years too offers software and advice so as advent equipment for companies .
buffett blackout pm companies are technology date of date .
said that only invertía in business expense business entendiera .
by the contrary , buffett deutsche the occasion of a train of goods , in a manufacturer of lubricantes or a yankee electronics .
your berkshire hathaway details close to approximately 80 subsidiaries own , so as part of teachers a series of large corporations as coca-cola or munich re , si münchener rück .
buffett , of 81 years , it did office of the small business clothing berkshire hathaway in the 60 and , with ethnicity investment , the amplió date suppression of a from those companies more valuable of world .
not suggesting , your lifestyle and life is republican .
by that is a ídolo for countless investors to all the world .
your faster e infalible sense for winning money he has provided the nickname of &quot; oráculo of omaha &quot; .
after the logic of investment in buffett , pm actions of ibm in stock subieron a each hand display .
&quot; the giant blue &quot; , as they gifts to ibm , has a value in stock and more than 220 thousand million in dollars and consistent , along with apple and microsoft , between those companies that invest more valuable of world .
with microsoft , workshop buffett , not want her .
garage garage , your founder , is a friend intimate .
the threat was leaving
after the discovery of &quot; the cell of zwickau &quot; , the media and communications turks dudan the state of law german .
a newspaper about the one &quot; ideology bloody &quot; that moves through reavivarse .
the murders of eight small businessmen noticed and greeks between the ages 2001 and 2006 they just background of the extreme right .
in turkey and the last population german and italian prime was has reacted with fear and concern expressed this news .
for many germans were origin turkish river a fantasma that they thought dead friend time , since the attacks with delight of fire in mölln in november of 1992 and the solingen in may of 1993 , not had happened over toll on violence with background of extreme right-wing likud turks .
not suggesting , never been called questioned the into germany des xenophobia .
the network ultraderechista lb reveals a sample whose dimensions not uncommon , p much less , previsibles .
&quot; ¿ store to reavivarse the ideology bloody ? &quot; , titula the naval by web of newspaper turkish &quot; haberturk &quot; .
the newspaper &quot; sabah &quot; resalta by the contrary that one of the authors of crime was a ruined the last office federal of defense for the constitution and it shows foot by the rules authorities transportation can be involved in the pantanal ultraderechista .
the community turkish in germany reaccionó with sensatez , the end of last reminded her pm victims of the violence racist with a vigilia face of doors and brandenburgo .
two weeks before , the community turkish in berlin along with the political officers and turks reflexionaron in a saucepan pm eastern flank anniversary of agreement turco-alemán .
the all-important it brought in scene with flair colours , as a story with final happy .
the information came from some media turks as a bofetada : &quot; the gift german by the fifty anniversary &quot; , says the title of a article in the platform turkish and internet &quot; having x &quot; , channel at background of the chain of murdering .
the dog german &quot; hürriyet &quot; either privacy in creating this connection mental .
&quot; begins to smell bad &quot; , says the title of the spine of ahmet külahci .
resalta that the iranian pm people who pagaban your taxes e did a significant contribution with his work to the reconstruction of germany .
in the body of internet use germans were procedencia turkish , the sun was up police and their subsequent success in those búsquedas it statute very shall .
the authors found asombran of the women authorities transportation not likely buscado much earlier suspected of the circle of the ultraderecha .
safe place co profile less rhetorical in economics from the drásticos media : &quot; to date on now here was losing , to the restaurant not offer much more than the excuses and the aftermath &quot; .
&quot; this will be better autoprotección &quot; .
&quot; the peace offering a german depends heavily on the quality of the perverse and the last finding the last malpractice to sustain the network &quot; . , says &quot; selen &quot; .
what i mean that , if the peace offering a german soil in danger , the attacks of mölln and solingen it aclararán in mid years .
the image of women ruins of fire and solingen it has filmed in those flash german and turkish .
any other basin cookies more clearly to the turks to live here in there a threat specific and , to the germans , that the distrust and the distance can desembocar in the violence .
the attacks agudizan the sense of group of the park turkish .
not repeat the mistakes of last
in the press turkish it oxford then mainly in surroundings of the political german after the attacks , helmut kohl was instrumental to visit to the survivors of mölln .
after the bombing with delight of fire and solingen email a telegrama of condolences at president turkish and klaus kinkel , your minister of foreign affairs , what sustituyó in the funeral of cologne . kinkel detalló in his speech did you train with the tax increases turks and germany .
go clear how they estimated the value of a person sees the amount of their tax .
the information current of the media turks store to show what yards away is , since then , the distrust of many germans were origin turkish in the legality of this country .
addition of effort to a statement range and the one revaloración the terrorism and extreme right-wing in germany , this time they lack words francas .
the bank of scandal of lake in zurich
the bank more arriesgado of europe not be separated from italy p france , if not in switzerland .
the ubs almost nine in bancarrota in the crisis financial and since then it deslizó of a crisis to the next .
now the woman a german .
insurance that axel max did what she thought .
after the whole spectacular starting to the summit of bank federal , in july was kept in the 2013 comenzaría in a new and almost equally to rise work : president of advice administrative the great central blessing ubs , a inesperado and lucrative step in his career .
axel max was glad retailers , commends switzerland for his beauty and her to ubs by his newly acquired strength and courage fall comments amables on their faces friends .
&quot; the bait has achieved a revival &quot; .
&quot; i shipping level with kaspar villiger and oswald grübel &quot; .
in september delivery room that all would completely different .
a telephone financial of the flash of london blackout all the systems of security of bank and defraudó 1,7 thousand million in eur .
oswald grübel , director general of the flash , a banker not only known in switzerland , took the table .
the president of advice administrative and the flash was suddenly from then repeated tocado , and all pertinent : ¿ items top axel max ?
it came to max out necessity at bank from february to 2012 .
and it needs office of the presidency of advice administrative in may , not to trip over 2013 , as the bank comunicó the tuesday .
this is hard to axel max .
not that banker , more inclined , professor of economics and consejero and has had a period of adjustment sellers necessary .
of connecticut was recently responsible for the strategy of a bank , that just about ready to prove that deserves to master &quot; the largest bank of scandal and europe &quot; since ago time .
by a quarter , the bait is huge , date ago little was left dvd administrator of goods world , and by other hand , since ago years , it desliza of a scandal at george .
nothing , so what seems , it feels ahorra at believes so proud bank blessing .
started to hit financial .
the bait took a reputation excellent date 2007 .
the image of administrator of goods blessing discreto and virtual , but also mañoso , it combinó with objectives set , also wanted be a great number of the banks of investment .
by a quarter , with 1,6 provides a dollars , the bait variety more money than customers wealthiest of any other bank of world .
and by other hand , avanzó as bank of investment in the league in the big banks of world .
this impresiona .
hans geiger , the former banker and display professor of banca in zurich during many years explains : &quot; face my students , always heard described to the bait as model of a good bank . &quot;
&quot; since the point of view current , one was asked : ¿ how could equivocarme ? &quot;
was in a large garden .
in the year 2007 cameras to the light of something went very bad for the bait .
to late in year , peter wuffli , director general , that until then was considered as a banker genial and very intelligent , delivery fashion .
some months later , it sospechó the reason .
the bottom of investment of bank was embarcó in losses with titles such high risk and took a amortizar thousands of dollars .
for extra with this , the bait announced a inyección of capital of anything less than a 13 thousand million in garden .
for this student investors , course i some miraran with contempt date little before : a fund ohio asian and opaco of singapore and a fund ohio arab , so discreto , that never made had heard her name .
this was just the first blow .
in april of 2008 , empeoró .
the bank had to convict the loss of thousands of dollars , marcel ospel , president of advice administrative , in 2006 in the second best paid council administrative and switzerland , delivery .
in october of 2008 , cream of disaster , in terms of their investments percent , the ubs it wound up in crisis financial officer of bankruptcy and took a bullet rescatada by the state .
the bank national compró values mount to the ubs by many thousands of dollars , the confederation helvética outlet six thousand of millions of frank by a bono tests converted , through the air was convertía in copropietaria the bank .
entire switzerland was devastated , it said what dramatic than was this for a country boy , if aloja to banks so big .
finally the sum of assessment of the ubs in 2007 was more than five times greater than the results economic and switzerland de see gráfica de .
&quot; not tolerate return to rescue her from ubs &quot; , said geiger , expert in banca .
to the first hurricane was joined by second .
few months after , the ubs capituló in a conflict tax with america and it showed ready to earnings of data from the customers wealthiest , that possibly had defraudado tax with relief of bank .
addition , bound a figure of 780 thousands of dollars in dollars , refund of benefits injustificados of these businesses with a donation by payment .
with keeping , the ubs confesó more or less imposing helped in the fraud tax .
multiple lost something that had been since always his capital in the midst by customers rich : the aureola of discretion .
after the scandal , the secret of bank blessing already not that the same .
to this e-mail from resignation of president of the junta directive and the president of advice administrative .
and the exodus of the funds to the customers .
of this kind , in toward months of bank lost his credibility in their two sectors central : in the banca of investment bankers pm speculation flawed and the last administration of goods through the roof at fraud tax .
and fair when civilian to be something more relaxed , fair when they thought that the ubs civilian to bring , impacts this desdichada history of changing , a telephone individual defraudó 1,7 thousand million in eur , before the start of bank was diera account of the brain cards bad .
and it desveló , by what seen , this still not works well with the management of risk in the banca of investment .
&quot; with the case adoboli it adds that the controls of risk have changed too little &quot; , phone martin janssen , professor of economics and finance the world institute banking on the university of zurich .
the director financial of a large bank german also available insurance : &quot; the problem of the ubs is that not r the controls of risk &quot; .
by what he did it idea of the driver , with the fact of bankers swiss it demands from ago time , be the corners of the greatest estate of world : any risk too large , in exchange , the security of money meant quebrar at another side of the republic alpine .
the hull of security and the banks swiss were the symbol of the reliability inquebrantable , as lindt and sprüngli the chocolate show .
the central to the ubs in zurich not extension with the buzz of virtual bank private blessing , only one man little more .
the situation is classical .
the bank has its headquarters main focus of street bahnhofstraße of zurich , that goes from the station main directly at lake in zurich , enmarcado by those summits covered the snow and women mountains suizas .
here are buildings are ostentosos , the rented are few and the more attractive to europe .
here are among joyerías as tiffany`s between business traditional swiss as the confitería sprüngli .
here author from ago years of banks swiss : since the bank national , describe for the palace of credit suisse , date of elitarios banks private as julius bär .
it enters the last room for reception of the ubs through a heavy door swivel .
within those walls are revestidas of mármol , front edge condition big sillones of leather , along at cool the bank board a great letrero for selecting the &quot; security &quot; .
the ubs estate what i was customer search here : security .
the two major banks swiss , the ubs and credit suisse , in some time have desplazado the idea of great bank blessing , or the been betrayed , as tony was president of a small bank private blessing .
prefers not read his name in the newspaper , at last and at cape ago , as all the bankers swiss , also with the business of both major banks .
the ubs it has done too large , relative , mainly in the banca of investment , where the continental have won ground .
results of swiss not resulted nothing more than say .
&quot; and it made church during much time to show grip of the penal . &quot;
of fact , the ubs sixteenth of banca of investment kingdom , handed her first big strip and then returned to disaster , any entity financial incentives had lost both money in the jungla the high risk as the great central blessing .
the 15 of october and 2008 , the disaster was obvious .
&quot; hot wednesday at coalition government of small country of seven million decided to greater chance of rescue in the history of his nation &quot; , says the author lukas hässig in his book &quot; der ubs-crash &quot; de &quot; the crash of the ubs &quot; in spanish de .
the political supplies date 68 thousands of dollars in garden or approximately 45 thousands of dollars in eur for breeding at large bank of the bancarrota .
¿ how they treated happens ?
it speaks with the bankers swiss , so alien to solve the last dimension of the ubs .
in june of 1998 , two of the three major banks swiss it fusionan in a poderoso consortium .
input a bank that , due to the merger , was too large for the small switzerland , and still growing .
by what he served for a human two different banks narcotics and the ubs it complementaran : a bank puerto but asleep with the focus of the administration of goods in zurich and a internacionalización more poor but more severe .
of suddenly , the banks of investment internacionalizados came from escaping well with much money , with the fact port do rodar a great bicycle financial .
there two names related with this iii of the ubs : peter wuffli , head of consortium of the ubs of 2001 to 2007 , and marcel ospel , then president of advice administrative .
&quot; always thought that wuffli and ospel pm a team perfect &quot; , says the expert in banca hans geiger .
&quot; wuffli , the intellectual , modest , that everyone much of models and statistics , and ospel , the intuitivo that remained scene step from the learning of the bank until the summit . &quot;
finally , ospel it fió of wuffli .
and at final wuffli framed probably a mistake allows : &quot; giant that their models were a reality &quot; , says geiger .
&quot; is a case tragic . &quot;
tragic , perhaps .
available clear : the desatino came before the event .
the employees of the ubs it outlined clearly the women meetings of toxic , in those who wuffli , the head of consortium , always repetía the same banner : lift the throne to sink sachs .
the bank american was the bank of investment than poderoso the world .
encabezaban pm &quot; league tables &quot; , pm clasificaciones that then documentaban the success of the banks .
the ubs wanted be in the summit .
some steps you gather well .
in those operations of divisas and the last note of action was in what else high .
without mentioning , the advisers to companies makers lb of effectiveness a point weak : in the business of interest international , in the language of banca &quot; fixed income &quot; , there a donation huge for the big banks .
the ubs has vacíos in the products hipotecarios american .
for fill these vacíos , the ubs started a adventure that almost instantly costs your existence .
Ávidos of growth , invirtieron both the same bank as one of his funds from high risk created in investments films of high risk .
it transformed into a machine powerful for titularizar credit hipotecarios american and venderlos to transform , manteniendo frank e to mind itself .
and also , as other banks arrangement of bajada during much time .
&quot; in summer and 2007 , as the market estate american bar in llamas , the ubs compró there &quot; , said geiger , expert in banca .
so large that euphoria , so yards of fall .
a managing took the glass , already have the attempt to communicate multiple more complicated than what we hoped .
the jobs in the ubs it became a seats proyectables and are inseguros date of birth .
currently , anyone christ a great bank , has a job almost impossible .
must find a strategy for a bank , face of the japanese are models of business lógicos jazz stumbling .
geiger , expert in banks , has a idea , set end to the banca of investment , focus on the board of goods , return to those roots suizas .
the bank did want get so far de still felt .
but the banca of investment should decrease much , available clear currently .
the next thursday , sergio ermotti , the new president of bank , spring your career strategy at world .
in reality , only be giant in the italiano-suizo of 51 years as a solution specify , already have the bank of dallas was separó fashion of his predecessor grübel .
tickets , him out payment : must address the way permanent employees business of the ubs , comunicó the bank of zurich in tuesday .
ermotti post automatically at bank of investment to his state to late in the mid .
hunting 3.500 posts .
but this does enough .
the ubs needs a vision .
¿ who is ?
¿ with what do win money ?
these are women questions that sure it makes axel max currently .
date of time just say that first buscará a housing with his wife in zurich .
the next year .
the fear to the recession in europe overvalued on the stock american
the recession spelling in europe has given fear to the investors mortgage on the start of the week .
the changes in government in athens and rome diet without force .
the production industrial frenada in the continent sofoca pm washington and estabilizar in his home a crisis capitalism for the highs .
could not gain the alivio general on the changes in government in rome and athens .
the euro fell flat at dollar .
the week last , the glass italian and greek it has seen environment tank , not half fill , but now the problems viagra to pass through a first meets , said jason luschini of janney montgomery scott .
face all , the assets financial notes in the list of sales .
the skin dow jones of the values standard bought with a low of 0,6 by display at 12.078 points .
in the session , the barómetro the market oscila between 12.027 and 12.170 points .
the skin lloyd &amp; <NULL> 500 bought with 1.251 points , a low of a hand display .
the skin nasdaq is the stock technological lost the 0,8 by display and went of market with 2.657 points .
in frankfurt , the skin dax it cameras with a low of 1,2 by display at 5.985 points .
the industry is the 17 countries euro has reduced clearly his production and it cart in the end of his popularity .
pm companies dead in september of two reasons display less than the month before , as equally to office in rain of investigative .
what i set opened between the investors mortgage : &quot; not aware a island , if not dependent &quot; , said steve goldman of goldman management .
europe not be interpreted free so quickly that a recession , addition there more signs of weakness in the banks .
warren buffett , the los of those investments , only confirmed this caution , still not ready clear whether europe is what enough mail order do everything else needed to get closer to the crisis , workshop in a interview for the cnbc .
by that , since his point of view is too early to invest in loans horizontal or banks privacy .
in place of that , arroja by the wind a decade of bright moon and windows were the industry leader american .
your investment in more than ten thousand dollars in dollars in ibm supports the abyss of those actions of traditional consortium and the driver cotizar against the trend in the market at principle virginia a percentage than high .
the value bought nearly thirty changes to 187,35 dollars .
after some indications , buffett paid 170 dollars in average for each unit of remained in 5,5 by display .
the abyss of those actions of his company is investment berkshire hathaway lost the 1,3 by display .
the titles of participation of dr editor copper was fortalecieron clearly with the 2,6 by display of the market .
the house sold almost all the rest of his cautiously at china construction deutsche and it embolsa by keeping 6,6 thousands of dollars in dollars .
the institute post strengthen mainly your game and capital with the plo neta the business and with keeping comply with the requirements regulatory .
the constructora of planes boeing rate their earnings and with keeping clients including loss of dow .
the action was alzó a 1,5 by display , after the fact is consortium cobrara the largest industrial and his story .
airline emirates musicians in friday 50 planes of long-term distance of such 777 and the value of asked about cifró in 18 thousands of dollars in dollars .
including those options are 20 machines more , the size total to 26 thousands of dollars in dollars .
in the bag of new york approximately 710 thousand million in action changed the fire .
719 values producer , 2281 producer and 79 loyal without changes .
the nasdaq cerro with volumes of selling the 1,38 thousand million , 630 actions to the alza , 1.913 to the low and 82 without changes .
grajos smart about extienden in those cities
in many places to grajos it feel &quot; pet mount &quot; : not be dismissed from these inteligentísimos animals in those cities during much time , participants were experts .
to pass them c , other stuff librarse very quickly to them , the grajos facilitate since ago years to the image of the city , but in many municipalities are destroys pm complaints about the neighbours by the porquería and the noise of the animals .
although not been appeared no middle against the &quot; pet mount &quot; date now .
the grajos already not stand up pm cities , participants were experts in the first symposium on grajos in read , frisia eastern .
there are specialists in all the territory national meetings on santa solutions .
photo alternatives to show cities
the conspirators frank to problems of those cities to the window of camp in certain grajos protected categories pm applications chemical in the agriculture announced visiblemente with the stars reciprocal traditional .
the hunting , the growing edificación and the fall of trees that are hospedan dificultan the life of those birds .
the grajos are protected .
there big colonies with more than 600 couples reproductoras in soest , westfalia , between other , in the lancaster , between other in jever , diepholz and achim in bremen , so as to read .
there was 2005 saltó to the headlines negative the last press a controversial plan to kill the mass to the grajos the district .
the critical have described the hunting of the animals through traps for pet and the murder with palos as particularly brutal .
&quot; expulsándolos and ahuyentándolos of teaching normal not be realized nothing &quot; courses werner klöver , urbanista and paisajista of reading .
messenger with water to the nidos or throwing the trees pictures be consequences not deseadas , phone also manfred kaiser , expert in half environment of lahr , baden-wurtemberg .
&quot; the animals were desvían , pm big colonies of raising the medication that other places . &quot;
ahuyentarlos only one imaginable as exception of hospitals , coast of nursing homes schools .
&quot; we live with them , already not the atrapamos . &quot;
without the investigators , not be soluciona the problem in those cities , relative wolfgang kellner , mayor of reading .
is possible a combination of ahuyentar to the animal to areas residenciales sensitive and cebos for the actual return asentarse in other places .
&quot; paneles documents in place of sierras of chain &quot; uta maria jürgens , psicóloga and etnóloga ago advertising in combat with the end of the texas natural to the animal to a form completely different : &quot; what better is to keep aguantar a pm in the face with aplomo . &quot;
jürgens cofundó in schleswig-holstein the circuito of teaching about the grajos of ascheberger , where letreros alleged on the life of those smart birds .
while both , the project is accepted by the tourists .
jürgens also has its own opinion on those criticisms by the noise of the pet : &quot; all are ways to promote , they deal with words . &quot;
the intelligence and jack had these animals are legendarias , the grajos not only gradually the resources to guide to bocados esquistos , if not the fabrican tools for usarlas as resources .
recently , etólogos of the university of cambridge comprobaron in four grajos date where star of intelligence and women birds .
in a unique , the pet aprendieron with fast that photograph stop fall a stone on a platform for so thick a larva of polilla .
without much adiestramiento , duty with determination of size and the way that she feared the stone to fall on the platform .
in a second trial , the astutos grajos assigned sorted a complicated problem .
the researchers colocaron a small bin with a larva of polilla in a cilindro vertical .
the pet not tell get to your prey with the afternoon .
but the researchers interested red a piece of alambre .
with the fact of four animals formaron a hook , with the fact pescaron the bin in the tirador the tubo .
three of the waiting grajos what intruder in the first attempt .
portugal in the championship 2012 thanks to christian ronaldo
the bosnios and the turks not they washington in the championship .
the songs , portugal , croatia , the republic czech e ireland also assumes that the championship 2012 .
portugal , the republic czech , croatia e ireland have sellado in the play-offs the past notes for the championship 2012 in poland and ukraine .
guiado by the hero triunfante dating ronaldo de 8 . , 53 . de , portugal goleó to clay 6-2 de 2-1 de and , after the 0-0 the party of mg , did pm five cautiously to the championship seguidas .
the czechs intruder 1-0 de 0-0 de in the party of motor of the play-offs with the outsider montenegro , after the fact that the party of mg de 2-0 de tour companies things clear .
croatia not stopped the him marcaran in the 0-0 against turkey , ireland managed a weak 1-1 de 1-0 de against estonia .
nani de 24 . de , helder postiga de 72 . , 82 . de and miguel veloso de 80 . de marcaron the others scoring of portugal .
the former professional and the bundesliga , zvjezdan misimovic with a penalti de 41 . de and the captain emir spahic de 65 . de acortaron travel two times for bosnia .
sena lulic bonus a card red felt 54 . de .
bosnia villa to cause of portugal in the play-offs the world of south of 2010 .
in the crowd page light of lisbon , portugal started to move perfect .
ronaldo ejecutó a free concerts since most of 30 metres for active at the head of the points .
a quarter of time after , nani cookies your rhetoric for clock from far and managed to 2-0 since 25 metres .
the bosnios , that no place lucieron in the first trip begins , pool their first clear opportunity thanks at goleador edin dzeko .
the former player of team and wolfsburg , leader of english manchester holder message a cabezazo at palo , but the balón not atravesó the line of portería de 33 . de .
jiracek acertó for the republic czech
to transform , the colegiado wolfgang stark , of ergolding , tim in the eye of hurricane .
after the attack to helder postiga in the area of penati bosnia , decided show at columbus was card amber by tirarse at soil carbon 36 . de .
in the side theories , stark pitó a controversial penalti after a action of fabio coentrao , that transformed misimovic .
after the resurrection , the vicecampeón european and 2004 aclaró all with 4 scoring .
the czechs ended with the latest doubt in the minute 81. with gol of petr jiracek .
the campeón of europe and 1976 it qualifies for fifth time consecutiva for the championship .
the team of coach michal bilek with the legionario of the bundesliga michael kadlec de bayer leverkusen de and tomas pekhart de 1 . fc nürnberg de also took bob and took a stray a second to reaction in the stage initial .
in the last time , the portero petr cech blackout with a student a possible gol in itself door of tomas sivok de 9 . de .
montenegro microsoft more chances with the overture stevan jovetic and leave damjanovic in action .
damjanovic scene in the minute 40. of the cold of cheese , very fair in the portería of cech .
after the resurrection of jews debieron protect the larguero the portero of reputation world , the delantero the fc seoul page to realized de 50 . de .
finally , the gol before the end nationalists in party .
while both , turkey desaprovechó the maravilla the football and zagreb .
four days after the 0-3 in istanbul , the turks not holidays are a 0-0 in zagreb .
while pregnant almost sure to be coach national guus hiddink card leave her asiento the banquillo of third of global and 2002 , the seat held her fourth participation in the end of the championship .
face 31.000 fans in the crowd maksimir , the turks almost conseguían a principle of dream .
in the minute seven and with a chute to run away , selcuk inan only managed music is poste . the intruder kazim kazim either could send the balón within the last portería .
after the second of reaction , croatia asumió each time than the control .
after the death break , croatia not stopped the him metieran any gol .
along to mauro mandzukic of vfl wolfsburg , that the american minute 62. did site at ivan surgeon , of dortmund , danijel pranjic de bayern of munich de and gordon schildenfeld de eintracht frankfurt de are the legionarios of the bundesliga in the practice .
trapattoni going to be exemptions
in dublin , the irish exhibitions of first refusal to take exemptions from 1988 in germany .
stephen ward mission at team of coach giovanni trapattoni , that triumphant with the 4-0 in the party of mg contains for a decision prior , it brought to the head of the minute 32 .
konstantin vassiljev de 57 . de empató with the team dinner .
ireland presionó since the beginning , but charged wait until the minute 23 . , when robbie keane of the angeles galaxy took her first big chance .
since the first time , the defense estona blackout options scoring of advantage .
but in the minute 32. what surprised .
after a defense of portero pavel londak , der ward and chutó the balón to via the last line , canadian the 1-0 .
a woman severely apology at caerse of a tram
a woman of 52 years were examined severely apology at caerse the monday after a tram to lichtenberg , berlin .
took the stakes operada in a hospital , as comunicó the police to tuesday .
the tram took the boy was significantly sudden in herzbergallee , already have a vehicle was clamped down blow front to him .
the car cell and the mean cameras , search at en .
the others ocupantes the tram not unexpected injured .
a man arm atraca a farmacia in friedenau
the tuesday by the late one man arm atracó a farmacia in bundesallee , in friedenau , berlin .
reactor to a empleada of 25 years with a weapon of fire and he backed out he entregara the money in metálico , as reported by police .
after entregarle the box with those clouds , the president-elect fled without be identified with their botín of a number unknown .
the asaltados not estate more than the corresponding susto .
a boy wearing severely wounded
a boy wearing a 21 years has resulted severely wounded to shake hours of the morning of tuesday in märkischen alle in marzahn , berlin .
peter avoid the suddenly a crash that circulaba by the street from a gasolinera with a trailer uk .
by what he gave a patinazo with his vehicle , came to the strip central and at carril otherwise and resistance against several trees .
the boy was 21 years had to be cut in the hospital .
the camionero of 40 years not won na .
a cyclist atropellada and severely apology
a cyclist in 61 years was atropellada by a car and won severely apology for monday in mitte , berlin .
peter cross with his bicycle for the telephone in the cruce of pedestrians between those streets karl-liebknecht-straße and alexanderstraße , as comunicó the police to tuesday .
was arrastrada by a driver of 72 years of planning with his vehicle .
the woman was fell and , severely apology , received treatment for a hospital .
in the jews , a steal at cars were watching the boy kamikaze
a man was watching the road to night with a car drives in charlottenburg .
at girar , resistance against a car aparcado , in total theme to two cars more and three bike .
the police emprendió the persecution .
the author of crime fled to sustain speed by the highway .
h in connection whatsoever h
rozó a tablón of concrete and lost twice the whole drive .
the car was clamped and the man replied to foot your leaving .
a peatona disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón
a peatona was disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón in schwedt .
the sunday , the woman who 32 years caminaba close to his clothes when was disparada by the backs , as reported by police .
took the stakes ingresada in the hospital with a wound open .
to transform , the police localizó four suspects , of the american stock young and 19 years is considered the accused killer .
according a spokesman for the police , not exist relationship between the woman and the accused .
a young to 25 years severely wounded in a crash of traffic
a boy multiple severely wounded in a collision with a crash that asking for sense theories of the district of potsdam-mittelmark .
the young and 25 years were formerly of the road with his furgoneta by causes unknown until the moment and patinó date a wooden protective of monday through the morning in a roadside federal along to wiesenburg , as comunicó the police .
by the strength of therapy , the car patinó date at carril otherwise and there colisionó with the crash .
the sleep pool of cash registers young and 25 years of his vehicle .
a helicopter to salvage what went to a hospital .
fire in a film in alexanderplatz
the night of monday took place a fire in the film cubix in alexanderplatz .
little after the average night , approximately 70 fans of the session of night pool of delivering the film is the street rathausstraße , as comunicó the police .
not hurt yourself na .
after extensive research , it represents the largest fire in a domain translation to the components electric was due to a fault technical .
at himself time they went to light and silly a smell smoke .
a woman severely apology in a bid to theft of bolso
a woman multiple severely apology in a bid to theft of bolso in niedergörsdorf , in the district of teltow-fläming .
the author of crime encapuchado sorprendió to the woman in friday at a park face a trade and he agarró your bolso , as reported by police .
as the victim registers resistance , the theme of those hands and the last head with a palo .
finally fled without the botín .
the woman was ingresada severely apology in a hospital .
visitors to a graveyard stolen at alternatively tumbas
in those weeks hotel , people dance have risen to become cards in a graveyard of fürstenwalde .
a total of twelve highway have happened since late in october , between other photographs of bolsos , money , mobile , cards and credit and manojos of keys , as comunicó the police .
pm victims are primarily women in age advanced to cuidaban pm tumbas of their relatives .
aparcaban your bike or andadores with the objects of value in those overseas .
the past friday had place in last theft of a number of money that marc to more than twenty-five million .
six pintores of graffitis detainees
the police custody to six pintores of graffitis .
the six young were arrested in sunday in marzahn , as comunicó the police .
the adults in between 15 and 25 years pintaron a wagon and train the hohenschönhausener-grenzgraben .
subieron at horses with a escalera and tore a glass .
a baton avisó to the police .
in economics from officials civil peak , the authors of crime huyeron .
but were arrested little after the company morality in landsberger allee .
a man in wheelchair and wheelchair arrastrado by a car and severely wounded
a man in wheelchair and wheelchair multiple severely wounded at desert one street in schwedt .
the saturday at man dressed cross a street vendor a step in pedestrian and not feasible seen by a conductora , as reported by police .
the drive arrastró at man , that they fell in the street performers hirió in the head .
took the phone treatment in a hospital .
a child of seven years atropellado and wound up wedding
a child of seven years was atropellado by a car and won severely wounded in monday through the afternoon in the street tegeler straße in wedding , berlin .
came to a hospital with cut into the hidden and the last pierna , as reported by police in monday .
the child was atropellado of suddenly in the street by a car acted by a woman of 53 years .
this does can energies your vehicle before and what atropelló .
the child does he pressed the adults .
a cyclist severely wounded in kreuzberg
a cyclist in 46 years was atropellado by a car and won severely wounded to last time the sunday afternoon in late in the street gneisenaustraße , kreuzberg , berlin .
came to a hospital with cut into the head and with bad humour , as reported by police in monday .
still not ready clear how deutsche the collision with the drive to a young to 22 years .
a car calcinado in köpenick
a car was calcinado to shake hours of the morning of monday in the street dregerhoffstraße in köpenick , berlin .
a man of 32 years tried apagar the fire , workshop a spokesman for the police .
not what remained of the sleep pool of control in fire .
in economics at forcing , it was a man model former .
it represents the bow a fire caused , without reason political .
leaving the place of a crash in lichtenberg
after a serious accident in late nineteenth sunday in lichtenberg , the boy fled without preaching the whole companion na .
the man patinó with his trailer in the street möllendorfstraße , resistance against a poste of the highway and cold in a telephone , as comunicó the police .
a conductora of tram could stop her time and saw offer at en .
the sleep , avisados , pool of cash to a young to 23 years severely wounded pride drive destrozado and tender to a hospital .
the dueña the drive mark set up his car had been stolen site little .
fire in a sótano in tempelhof
the night of sunday was quemó a box set sótano in a home in tempelhof .
the inquilino of this house in marienfelder allee notó smoke in those ladders and avisó to the sleep , as reported by police .
to transform it concealed from a young interested in the ongoing of species .
but those suspicions not be confirmed , by what he was lucky in freedom .
injured in a famous in a local high food chains
two customers shot dead in a famous in a local high food chains of pankow the night of sunday .
four men in bracket between 18 and 21 years tools to pelear with two sellers of dishes on the 1 : 20 in the trees promenade prenzlauer , as comunicó the police .
two young and 19 years quisieron help , to do that were features and pataleados of suddenly by the quartet .
both estate cut into the head .
the four superior bar be arrested in the restaurant .
a purposeful man verona in installation of subway and his agresor arrested
a purposeful man socorrió to a girl acosada in the station to tube of gesundbrunnen and was hit .
three matones agredieron at man of 41 years of saturday and he residential with puñetazos and echaron spray of pimienta in the face .
the trío fled after .
little after a young to 19 years was arrested under suspicion , as reported by police .
a passer-by avisó to the police for the telephone .
the officers found the spray of pimienta in a bin close to the station to tube .
the lord man received treatment ambulatorio in a hospital .
begins to arder a zanja in the park and botschaftsviertel
in a zanja in the park and botschaftsviertel in tiergarten it declared a fire in saturday .
on those 12 : 00 hours , close to schweißarbeiten in the street tiergartenstraße it incendió material from construction , as comunicó the police .
silly girl great cloud of smoke , that they could see with clarity since gone .
the sleep came with four units and liberals control of fire with fast .
face of fire , it arrived a system of heating urban and cables from federal .
addition to estática of the zanja microsoft is removed updated currently , workshop a spokesman for the sleep .
any person multiple apology in the fire .
during the presentation of species , the street tiergartenstraße tim closed at traffic on cars and buses .
a man of 40 years severely wounded in a robbery
few strangers asaltaron to a man of 40 years of friday afternoon in late in mitte and what wounded severely .
the man caminaba on those 23 : 30 hours per of street martin-opitz-straße when was diet for three criminals who asked filed for re-election , as the police comunicó the saturday .
to transform the men nassau to his victim , the residential and suddenly , the derribaron to patadas and huyeron with his portfolio and mobile .
the police found at man responded na tumbado in the street and summoned at doctor of urgency .
the man had to be cut in a hospital .
a father atacó to a conductora of tram face her son
the friday afternoon in late , a father rolex insultó to a conductora of tram to the theme subsequently face of quick to his son of four years .
the class of 49 years of bvg took the train in the street seestraße in wedding , at be atacada of suddenly by a man of 30 years , as the police reported in saturday .
the man he gave a puñetazo in the face face of quick your son .
the police custody quickly at man wearing , the child had a funny recogido by his grandfather .
the conductora of tram multiple slightly apology .
a contenedor of junk incendiado in wedding
the night of saturday , few strangers incendiaron a contenedor of junk in a yard yard of wedding .
a bargaining notó the fire on average night and then to two men dressed in dark offer for the wall of graveyard adyacente of the street steegerstraße , as comunicó the police .
the sleep , avisados , bar apagar quickly to fire .
a gun labrador hungry lighting a hornilla , incendiando a housing
a gun hungry enquiry possesses the fire of a housing in brandenburgo g havel .
probably , the dog saltó on the fogón for achieving the food , as reported by police in friday .
movió the regulatory and encendió a hornilla .
it prendieron papers on the fogón .
the housing the fourth floor of the house of neighbourhood started to arder the thursday by the late .
the dog died by inhalation of greenhouse of burn .
it have proseguido pm estate by malpractice elite of fire against the inquilina of 18 years , that no instruction in the housing during the fire .
estreno world of &quot; crepúsculo &quot; in hollywood with many large stars
rain of flashes , fan histéricas , highlights stars of &quot; crepúsculo &quot; , in the estreno world of &quot; dawn &quot; thousands of curiosos box to the carpet teñida of black coffee theatre nokia in the los .
the parade of those stars wine several hours .
not desilusionó to the fan of the saga of vampiros : robert pattinson , the actor-vampiro , your rival-hombre lobo , taylor lautner and the bella &quot; bella &quot; , kristen stewart philip autógrafos and posaron with the fan .
in the fourth quarter , bella it casará by charging with his big love .
sap post doblar your figure out employees in china
sap , the largest manufacturer of software for europe pyramid thousands of dollars in the following years of china and wants almost doblar your figure out employees in the country .
date 2015 circularán approximately two thousand dollars in dollars de approximately 1,5 thousand million in eur de , journal of consortium of dax the tuesday .
&quot; ship more facilities for the research and the development and contrataremos workers &quot; , avisó garage mcdermott , co-presidente , in a conference in beijing .
the staff must grow up 2.500 workers currently being 4.500 .
the figure of sucursales the leader of market international order software to companies are doblará of five to ten trees eleven .
date now , sap available present in beijing , shanghái , cantón , chengdú and dalián .
approximately 4.000 of the most of 176.000 customers international the sap they his headquarters in the country of boom .
the plans of growth in china are also a significant element of the strategy for 2012 the consortium of dax .
sap post increase their size of sales for 2015 to 20 thousand million in eur .
the past year ingresó approximately 12,5 thousands of dollars in eur .
currently the business of suministrador of software that employs to 50.000 workers in all the world , van so well as few times in the past .
sap leads 20 years active in china .
&quot; currently want expanding our activities designed ... de &quot; , explained mcdermott .
&quot; our goal is activar a growth model in china through a wide lee . &quot;
videos to level personal
the smell of generous new book about peter englund , the beauty and the pain of the battle de mail beauty functions mail sorrow de : a story íntima comments about the first war ii , &quot; begins with a long dramatis personae the kind of argument do you to one was allowed caiga the soul to the feet .
i here some suggested that science : getting suavemente this page and conviértala in his mark pages .
news to apply very well to these people in the narración novelística the president englund , and this dramatis personae running as his gps , a faro during those days preceding the students who , as one of his men and women , sale confused and desamparado in the fog of the war .
the president englund is a historian and journalist swedish .
also is the new secretary permanent of the academy swedish , that miserable for prize winner of literature .
what i did writing here is a book signing federal , that describes , rightly , as &quot; a job in anti-historia &quot; .
contains some names retired , treated equally or frugal battles categories virtually no there ambassadors , cool journalists or running on holdings or material .
not that both a book about the person june , explains , as &quot; a book about the deficit june &quot; . about comments about &quot; feelings , wholesale , experiences and states of humour &quot; .
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; combine those experiences in times of war in more or less 20 men and women ordinarias , to both ends of the war , since colegialas and botánicos to escaladores , doctors , drivers of wound and administrative .
some of these people are convertirán in heroes .
some were convertirán in overalls and war , or lost their members , it recover mad or morirán .
your lives parpadean here as velas votivas encendidas in a church membership few new set add to the mix while others were lights .
the book of mr englund is a handicap of the books of history standard .
is also a correctivo to the notion of the last first war ii only was the funesta war in trincheras in the front western .
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; it seeing the way pushing to via the other teatros of war : the alps , the balkans , the front eastern , mesopotamia , africa the field .
to the soldiers in this book them temptation above those colmenas categories one passes the christmas in egypt under conditions pirámides categories pm nut sleeping are a problem intratable .
enter is a book conmovedor , almost certainly the beginning .
the war inunda pm lives of these people as a disaster natural , a hurricane katrina that apesta to cordita .
when the fire of artillery was lira in the distance , and replied a woman who looks at home with your children , ¿ fee quedas or huyes ?
of all forms ¿ who next ?
almost nobody understands what it looks happy , p even by what they intend to fight this war .
&quot; breast of facts &quot; , route to mr englund , &quot; it has rellenado with conjeturas , suposiciones , washington , fuel , ideas fixed , corporation of the conspiración , dreams , pesadillas and feelings &quot; .
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; still to individuals as florence farmborough , a nurse english in the army russian , and richard stumpf , a young marinero german and the air of high seas .
your stories about been trained in his arsenal part of flash , letters and other material already published earlier .
pm doctor of their lives can be aterradoras or conmovedoras , but are more display of life in the accumulation of small moments , details stumbling , the president englund .
many of whom are comments about privaciones and the bust with what i hate .
comments about count on history of a colegiala german says : &quot; sucedáneos , by all parties sucedáneos &quot; .
&quot; sucedáneo of coffee , aluminium wrong , plastic and imitation , vendas of paper , botones of wood . &quot;
continues talking about the food sucedánea in germany .
describes &quot; meat initial to date on rice cocido and prensado in fat and carlos de and rematado with a hueso wrong done in wood de categories tobacco fact that roots and peladuras of potatoes dry flies shoes with suelas of wood &quot; .
there , route , &quot; 837 substitutes permitidos of the meat in the production of salchichas , 511 substitutes the coffee registered &quot; .
some stories are about the firm and the value .
a american courtesy your own momentum towards the indelible and ignorance about the nature war : &quot; sientes that , after the whole , this is for what he s men are designed to do for drawing on sillones with a cigarro and a bootleg , the newspaper of the late eighties a review seller , and seeks to suggest paints means civilisation and that no there a ritual behind the line pechera almidonada and tachonada . &quot;
in exchange a soldier british were page account of the details morirá , and the fact nobody was enterará or you importará .
&quot; a time that one out resigna at thought of sacrificarse , to one he would think that could phenomenon front of public &quot; , says .
in exchange , is horriblemente nice &quot; to a two-year post estrangulado in secret &quot; .
other comments are comments about a quarter europe builds , and orange and new types of stories .
&quot; the conflict was has become increasingly becoming more than a australian economic &quot; , says the president englund , &quot; a war between factories &quot; .
map of arrival of what he himself winning &quot; a new kind of the bestiario the young century : the murderer of mass elocuente and convinced ideológicamente with ropas of good clothing that executes your discounted while being seated behind the man escritorio &quot; .
the people were practically the ways imprevistas categories there so sun innoble as heroico .
the president englund version of the soldiers who cries actively usage a disease venérea of prostitutes as determined by rand was service in the front .
&quot; the expression more grotesque and this was can see the trade of relative gonocócico , that the soldiers buy and embadurnan with keeping their genitales with the hope of evil in the hospital &quot; , says .
&quot; those who are truly desperate enough frotan on their eyes , what i would often page place to a ceguera of course life . &quot;
in this translation of swedish initial by peter pan , the prosa the president englund ágil but not extravagante , available perfectly adaptada to his task human .
in dozens of small scenes map of teaching in the back of war to &quot; launches forces excepcionalmente incontrolables : nationalism extreme , revolution social , hate religious &quot; .
the people begin to ask for what their leaders them are doing combat .
the best books about the nature first war ii to match made herself indirectos , as the great war and the memory modern the paul fussell , or novelas as though novedad in the front of erich cowardly remarque , in time to stories integrales .
the size of mr englund it n to a void little conventional .
your book has one of the end over beside the pool remember the one called the shots fiction .
not what revelaré .
but it as if hot news since his book , arrancado of among man wants photo page of dramatis personae , and the hot frost with a cerilla .
after a step in wrong availability , a assault planeado at minute
hundreds of police of police petition involucrados , some of them carrying helmets rough .
it contractors to night of monday at tuesday because the park zuccotti request more fill .
the operation was remained in secret except for approximately few official of high senior , saying pm to the others who were uniéndose to a performance .
the inspector of police raymond w. daughter was in the middle , your presence subrayaba how to defend themselves plagaba of challenges to the department of police .
not tell en the toll of weeks recent , as the pulverización of espray pimienta on the demonstrators , infringiendo pm standards of department and coming an storm of sympathy public road to &quot; okupas &quot; .
and by keeping the operation police officers despejar the park zuccotti of demonstrators were reveló after the two weeks of planning and invariably .
the players were announced contains watching as they had developed nations occupations in other cities .
a simulacro of disaster dvd was taking place in randalls island , with a tooth boys towards zuccotti .
the players incrementaron the so-called invariably the commotion - measures contraterroristas that implicaban movilizar quickly to a large number of officers in police - for monitoring the world lower manhattan .
the last session of invariably was in the night of monday , in the side of manhattan district river rape .
pm ordenes of enter into the park came in the &quot; last minute &quot; , said someone familiarizado with those orders , that they refirieron to the mission only as &quot; a performance &quot; .
&quot; to the few polis that peter was killed scanners to this , not offer said that was for enter into the park zuccotti &quot; , said the doctor , that span the way anonymous .
&quot; pm earthquakes people who knew that celebrate her into the world park zuccotti were in the most attractive levels of department . &quot;
a reason for the steer was a lesson aprendida by the city .
the 14 of october , few players quisieron despejar the park , but desistieron when hundreds of demonstrators overview before the time after the patient heard about the dangers plans .
the operation of tuesday decentralization to agents of several units database , including forces special about everything in district municipal - tens of agents mobile than royalty housing inundar the inner with high rate of crime .
the president daughter said that fast people , as those who travel cds at work , had state springs and viniendo the park during the day , doing the last 1 a.m. a good time for enter .
&quot; was appropriate learning when watching the book number of people in the park &quot; , said .
trucks and the unit of services to remove with focos and altavoces it congregaban in the cruce of thomas slip with franklin d. roosevelt drive , close the bridge of manhattan , before the street .
pm lights and the messages pregrabados that retumbaban since the altavoces offensive intimidated to many demonstrators .
the players are quiet community were at park with their cortavientos blue ribbons , many demonstrators m recogieron your things and they were .
not be tocó any shop until the 1 : 45 a.m. , said the police , giving time to the protesters to harvest their pertenencias .
other teams in agents were playing reuniéndose in the perimeter to enter if they needed something arrests in the park .
the journalists were the park were commonplace to abandonarlo .
paul j. browne , the spokesman head of department of police , said that was why his security .
but many journalists said that they tried avoid the destin to the police force in action in the park , and that had been treated bruscamente by the agents .
the president browne said that women units mobile and television in church street , to do over the edge western north park , bar battlefields pictures .
to measure the last republican it movía towards the west to via the last densa web of effects personal and the protesters , including luggage and sewer and junk in play and the plastic abarrotadas of clothes , equipment of department of cleaning them nassau , recogiendo what i was heights back .
some demonstrators who were loyal to move were arrastrados outside , apareciendo pictures in internet little time after .
a group central to protesters took positions around the turn area of kitchen of camp , close the focus of park .
some did a barrier , and the police force to arrestarlos metódicamente .
in graduate from ohio 10 people in the epicentro the camp was candaron between them for the coffin .
and two people were encadenaron to trees , said the president daughter .
the players of service to emergencies were scanners to cortar the candados .
not be trapped searches in the park date more or less pm 3 : 30 a.m. , said the president daughter .
the operation of despeje tim full acceptance 75 minutes after , said the police .
the president browne said that bush 142 people were dark in the park .
the largest part of the arrests were so &quot; breakdown of order public and resistance to the authority &quot; , said .
the agent of more sophisticated senior in the scene was joseph j. espósito , the head of department , the official higher uniformado in the department .
phil t. pulaski , the head of detectives the department , also was there .
the president daughter , while tim present , &quot; not permitted dirigiendo pm operations &quot; , said the president browne .
a second group of players wanted to do over the side eastern of broadway , between those streets radio and cedar , in case of the entertainment that enter .
it alzaron barricadas in the street cortlandt , a block at north korea park , and the last street pine , a block at southern .
since these positions , it l to the police expand the perimeter even more appealing the park zuccotti .
in a moment passed , a series of agents , many of them with shields , were playing rolling out the windows looking afuera .
had turned 28 people in the perimeter north .
any of the action than stereos and the night had place at southern tip park .
in graduate from those 5 a.m. , at southern of the street pine , a manifestante saltó on the sensor to a car that police , and i other was cut l quitando the air of those wheelchair and a furgoneta of police .
in a moment passed , a piece of contrachapado cameras flying from the range .
at final , a agent and a manifestante were hospitalizados .
the musicians of workers in support demandará to the city by the firing
the musicians who represents to hundreds of workers in support school that lost their jobs in month last spectacular exceeding to the city of wednesday , slovak that the firing pm processing and discriminatory due to its impact desproporcionado on those schools that atienden to students poor .
the demand is , possibly , the last weapon to put the musicians , the district municipal 37 , in his effort by revocar the firing .
seiscientos spent the two vacancies on the school , the coordinators of parents and other employees who were among the worst lowest of the city lost his job at 7 of october , in a movement that the leaders mel have wedding as a venganza policy for his refusal to allow , the spring week , the access by side of the city to a fund of care care to office in groups of work for close your keep heading .
pm authorities municipal have consistently categorically photo intent .
in a hearing in the son of october last , the consejero of education , ross m. walcott , said that the firing pm a part of budget passed in june .
a member of advice contraatacó understood that nothing in the budget especificaba that the members of staff of support from the school phone dismissed .
officials of district municipal 37 said that meant the complaint by writing , advirtiendo at department of education and the senate scrutiny . it camera a conference of press the wednesday for announce the presentation official of the demand , in the court supreme ohio in manhattan .
the demand maps at sr. walcott and at department of education and the city as defendants , and mind with eight employees dismissed as complainant , all them women sheep or latinas , at fault for the most of the participants who lost their jobs .
elizabeth thomas , spokesman the department legal and the city , said that the city does she seen the demand and by what both no horses do comments on his enriched specific .
according a draft of the demand mail for dinner york york times , the musicians are has focused on the number of firing at various schools of areas poor and the city for supporting a complaint by treatment unfair , saying that women schools poor richard more assistants , already have had been insuficientemente spirit of form chronicle .
it toward the top job not hurt firing at staten island and few days firing at various schools in the upper rape side or tribeca , 17 assistants programs lost their jobs in the district 23 in brownsville , brooklyn , and 46 were dismissed as the districts 8 and 9 in the south side bronx .
taking in mind that loss of five of the eight participants employees by the school public 36 in harlem , where the 68 by display of the students live in the poverty , the demand says , &quot; this does is a pleasant one parents wealthiest of customers custom funds for breast cancer deficit spending &quot; .
p.d. the budget of district 36 it reduced the one 3,26 by display this year , and also lost money when the city sixteenth of form in which boasts the funding additional for each incorporate by student poor in those schools .
the musicians also says that the directors of schools diminish can claim been deceived by the language of a memorándum that forming the redundant and the coordinators of parents .
the memorándum ounces of word &quot; surplus &quot; for quilt of action , to spread the back &quot; surplus &quot; describes with greater frequently in act of abstract to a proxy for the nómina of a school to a tree in work , core respectively are paid by the office central .
&quot; boat and six coordinators of parents were dismissed &quot; , says the draft of the complaint , &quot; and not just in surplus &quot; .
mission line , the congress contains for get to a settlement on libya
seems to finally republican and democrats in the capitolio are ready to engage in agreement on something related with the transportation of libya .
all what i was introduced was that the rebellion submit success , that the contractor dictator muamar the colonel outside bombing and murdered and the participation of states supreme came to her last .
the tuesday , the committee of affairs minister of senate will help evaluate a resolution , patrocinada by the president john kerry de democrat for massachusetts de , along with the senadores john mccain de republicano by texas de and joseph i. lieberman de independent by connecticut de , aplaudiendo to the mock by his qualifications pig and i started troops in ee.uu. by his &quot; courage &quot; .
&quot; this resolution is to honrar to the valientes of libya , at start to rebuild their country &quot; , said kerry .
&quot; is a claim of support bipartidista for their aspirations democratic . &quot;
the language can appear inofensivo , but nothing about the debate about libya has been easy date now .
this summer , the legislators who both parties are peleaban between themselves and with the white house on the editorial in a series of resolutions for write or reject the role of the military and ee.uu. in the mission of the nato air libya .
in june , kerry and mccain got a resolution that forming the use limited to release military and ee.uu. in libya .
the project of law was derrotado in the house for a broad scope bipartidista , and that never came back votarse in the senate .
but the same day in the world project of law was rejected in the house , the house also rejected a measure of identification recortado the funds for those operations mortgage on libya .
helps denver to mission of ee.uu. in a kind of purgatory legislative - with the congress did enough upsetting as for violating the weu by side of obama is the mission , but not so enfadado as for the reality segar the hierba under his feet .
to transform , the indecisión the congress was superada by the events .
trípoli fell in hands of the rebels mock the august , and colonel was murdered by 20 of october .
the mission of the nato delhi official in 31 of october .
now the senate could be completed for act .
the resolution of committee of affairs minister &quot; welcomes at people who libya for his tremendo courage and extraordinary resistance to shake off yes computers &quot; and &quot; commends to the men and women of those forces command of states supreme and i look partners in the coalition that participated in operations military to protect at people who libya for his extraordinary courage and professionalism &quot; .
the resolution also &quot; sets of interest national the students states supreme in a prosperous e irreversible transition towards the democracy in libya . &quot;
¿ player in new measure of complete support of the committee of affairs minister , or dividirá to the legislators as did the project of law and june ?
the last version was rejected by the senator richard g. place de indiana de , the main republicano the committee .
the spokesman for first told the monday that it had seen yet the original version of new project of law .
at another side of capitolio , the house lights went vote this week on a amendment constitutional demanding a budget employee , a priority legislative for almost all of congresistas republican and some democrats .
the extent , patrocinada by the republicano bob goodlatte de republicano by virginia de , will be first amendment constitutional on the budget or any other subject to the fact logre a vote of teachers of congress in the house or the senate in this congress .
other legislators do have had success until the moment for making get their amendments to the house , but not for lack of compare .
the way goodlatte is only a high schools 68 amendments formulated to be made contractor in this congress , that abarcan a wide range of topics .
some are duplicados - the same project of law are proposing both in the house as a child senate - and other related curb fixed between themselves .
there for what seems 15 versions of the amendment of balance collection so just the last house , and another handful of &quot; orbit the spending federal . &quot;
some of these projects are staying also are idénticos between themselves , but weather to their patrocinadores - on all republicans worry that newly refinar your currículums - the opportunity to jactarse of the things were the &quot; authors &quot; of golf equipment .
the law of control over budget , that was communicated in august , requirió that both the house as the senate voted a wonderful book balance collection .
in march , 58 senadores voted to support the one resolution no binding to supports the idea of iraqi amendment .
more appealing the budget , several members want limit the number of mandatos that the members of congress can deliver , while the rest representative joseph e. serrano de democrat for new york de , post signatures of mark and two mandatos for the presidents .
the representative jesse l. jackson jr . de democrat for illinois de has proposed a series of amendments to dedicate the right to a education of quality and attention care , between other subjects .
a wonderful that prohibits the marriage homosexual is a proposal perenne , so as a means battery of burning of flags .
some legislators also want allow the agent of those laws federal if are des by two thirds of the united .
so enthusiastic about been destroyed by members to the time of santa amendments , not be doing strings to a faster than placing it in years previous .
in the 111º congress , the legislators topics 77 changes , and got 66 in the 110º .
the pace is unacceptable in comparison with the way the decade of 1990 , when the members letter regularly over the 150 amendments each two years , according figures proporcionadas by the library of senate .
but not resulted much more successful then the thing that happened they now .
the last amendment that they added - the 27 - was void in 1992 , but the fact was proposal for the congress in 1789 .
&quot; hit but not derrotada , &quot; giffords version of his first interview in broadcasters since the pursuit
ten months after the fact a pistolero you disparara to quemarropa in a saucepan assembly in tucson , the representative gabrielle giffords de democrat for texas de der in the television national the night of monday , sung accompanied by the melodía of broadway &quot; the sun original morning &quot; and said that wanted recuperarse more than what we wanted return at congress .
in his appearance in abc news &quot; 20 g 20 &quot; , with diane sawyer , giffords elites to component prayers and rice fields for walking .
the program documentó your hard way that back in the damage caused by a bullet that he fracturó the cráneo and perforó the side hard to his brain , and that step from the front date of part ii of his head .
ago three months , page for surprise to the house for send your vote triunfante in the agreement of homeless in debt .
in his first interview broadcasting from the pursuit of january , that saw her six e hirió to 13 , giffords sonrió , it rio and sung - and cleared his recovery as &quot; hard &quot; .
when sawyer asked rhetorically how they feel , giffords , of 41 years , respond : &quot; quite well &quot; .
the interview with giffords and his father , the astronaut jason daughter , was part of a program special about &quot; 20 g 20 &quot; of a time of long-term , that they advertisement for eve of the publication of new book about the replacement , &quot; gabby : a story about courage and hope &quot; .
the program special analizaba the recovery of giffords since the pursuit of 8 of january .
in videos etched by daughter in those early weeks , it was sort of her bed and hospital , with the head afeitada and a long cicatriz falls your face .
she just could keep one or two fingers erguidos , while his husband of adventure .
months later tonight , it looks to giffords ages of a chair in wheelchair athletes are terapeutas you taught how upset actions surgery .
a movement of head .
a fruncimiento of the labios .
and then , your first word : &quot; what &quot; .
in toward days , giffords dark another word - &quot; tostada &quot; , a request for change in his menu of breakfast .
videos delivery by abc show that the music played a role central to the recovery of giffords : it looks to the congresista cantando along with the terapeutas pm songs &quot; girls just wanna have fun &quot; of cyndi lauper and &quot; radio falling &quot; of tom petty .
in the interview with sawyer , giffords , that makes two hours of therapy all the days , said that no transportation to day of policemen .
your husband said he was leyéndole to giffords a article of newspaper on the murder of 12 of march when she did relax for redress for first time about the dangers six to discover dead in the incident .
the pistolero plate , jared n loughner , it happened arrested in a prison in missouri and being ignored medicado by the strength while waiting trial .
&quot; fast people died &quot; , you said giffords to sawyer .
&quot; hard , hard , hard . &quot;
daughter he said to sawyer in the near time of the recovery of his wife , she said : &quot; i been derrotada . &quot;
&quot; so that , i asked him , &quot; &apos; gabby , not reached been derrotada , &apos; &quot; said daughter .
&quot; so just lost been hit .
and mary to get the gun , and mary to recuperarte and mary to return with more force than ever . &quot;
pm troops gift patterns over lástima that respect
the event was a subsistence and fell journal of recaudó million in dollars for the veteranos without home in new york .
kid rock sung a balada on the trail , the frustration and the loss .
in conjunction time , several hundred of soldiers , sailors , aviadores e infantes of marine valle de your posts in graduate from him .
the range of program was brought up foot and aplaudieron .
&quot; the men and women were se as heroes &quot; , said david saltzman , anyone symposium on revenues of funds from spring .
a official military and high senior in the subsistence , also known as the audience tonight the state dvd whole , the almirante mike mullen , l to play the women troops in teaching practices .
&quot; the deaf as a kind of child huérfano &quot; , wrote the official in a email email .
am sure that we are organizers radio news intentions .
it is unusual radio .
but not statistically respect , of truth . was lástima .
pm wholesale marcadamente odds paddington the hard luck to be taken administrators of the military and a public administration at often distante , to sometimes , adorador .
it prodiga to show troops with praise for his simultaneously .
but the alabanza has a price , say the members of service .
the public each time than images as if he dieran worth those uniformados .
&quot; not aware victims in absolute &quot; , said the general of brigade design b. macfarland , anyone comandó pm troops in iraq and soon partirá towards afghanistan .
&quot; but rather that the only way to the refrigerator destiny your support is really going us in the paper and souls desamparadas . &quot;
the subject is a subject very sensitive to the leaders military , that no want appear desagradecidos or in disagreement with the public at the crystal .
also be unable account of the last easter to the back down enfrentaron pm troops to assad in the past years of the war in vietnam was much worse .
as follows , the most of those conversations about the lástima it coming from cape in silence and the private between the veteranos of war .
after the fact your two children assad of combat with the infantería of marine , the colonel returned jason cancian them warned of the last people apart from the military considered his service since two perspectives .
some them mirarían with a sense of fear because they are being enfrentaron to the insurgents and dispatching to places exóticos .
other was preguntarían if approved a &quot; contractor enojado and turn below the poverty surface &quot; , said cancian , that fought in iraq and came to a job in high level of government in washington .
during his search for employment , said , felt that some entrevistadores you had obtained sutilmente if would rank of aguantar under the pressure of a rosy work of washington immediately after the whole entire of operations .
&quot; when hablas comments about your service , necesitas do front to show wholesale negative &quot; , reminded cancian contándoselo to their children .
input from worry military , in part , of the likud american boys girls wars .
the achievements of the field of battle are rarely ever elected to the alabanza by side of a country that has little familiaridad with the military and sees few benefits diabetes and women alike in iraq and afghanistan .
&quot; us , as search , already not initiation of heroísmo military and ways to investigate the whole apparatus in the second war ii &quot; , said the colonel general returned david barno , anyone comandó pm troops in ee.uu. in afghanistan .
in exchange , the praise of the political and the public about cuts in large measure on the depth of suffering from a member of service .
pm troops are valued by the number of giras that have soportado , the number of friends who have lost or the extent of their injuries .
the army afronta a growing pressure to leave with the rape
this week , a hearing historic decide whether 28 women and men they just got against the army for his alleged passivity face of rape .
if not , hundreds of advice about doing organising for the next .
the soldier in first elizabeth lyman microsoft 25 years and 11 weeks of pregnancy is o in the back yard says that was raped by a length .
was october of 2008 , and it robert de return to their barracks in the basis airline miramar , at north of san diego , after the death dinner with a friend when they found with a colleague who moved a package of 12 latas of beer .
frame you asked if he wanted to talk about his room for taking a cup .
&quot; sonó a sign of alarm &quot; , says lyman .
without mentioning , the nativa of texas denver to a side your concern .
thought , not , has 19 .
&quot; is the texas &quot; , says .
&quot; running hot compare to my instinct . &quot;
to the few minutes of enter into the room and lyman , the man was asked acercó by running , tirándola towards logic and violándola , medication .
this week , the 18 of november , lyman and other 27 member of staff military current and former expect ansiosamente a decision features in a trial historic that they camera in arlington , virginia , that decide whether to demand that they interpuesta against the exsecretario of defense robert gates and his predecessor , donald rumsfeld , fare to trial .
the demand medication that philips and rumsfeld top of the reduction of the rape occurred between the military , in violation of the human formulated in the aftermath .
dates in february by susan burke , a lady of washington , d.c. , the demand journal pm to 17 complainant , but creció to 28 in the months following , 25 women and three men , all they claim that were violados or agredidos sexually by their colleagues , and that the army villa to the time of factors , assertion , or instruction justice appropriate after the election supuestas subjected .
burke says that goes to go to flat landscape of army , because the problem starts with them .
&quot; the army is a structure of logic towards logic &quot; , says .
&quot; ¿ who are involved people who are in position to eradicate the culture of those represalias ? the high command . &quot;
burke also says that since february , it have begun to contact with her close to 400 survivors more , many of the subjects could be part of corporate calls .
your strategy : in place of consecutively to all the advice of this case , weather all the eggs in a chair basket , by so upset , going to paint several cases , of religion necessary , for maintaining the pressure .
the team of the defense to the department of defense , encabezado by the attorney federal neil macbride , has presented a motion for underestimating the case .
the documents of court , results for newsweek , below the strategy of defense -en book , that the military does can be demandados by soldiers current or former by those injuries subjected to show forces command .
by a judgment of court supreme of 1950 call the announcement feres , the government federal not that responsible for the damage sufridos by the staff at church active .
&quot; the damage alegados are part of service military and the advice &quot; , say the documents .
the department of defense was refused to do comments to this article .
pm things have changed since the age 50 .
while the term pm women still alive available official pet guide to win , this distinction is only roll : pm wars modern rarely ever play takes pictures lines of coping .
both in iraq as a afghanistan , the teams of women soldier are desempeñando papers every time than important , especially for get to those women local the areas of war .
the result : between these two wars , 150 women soldier have died and two thirds of them in situations of operations .
is hour of the world army also be modernice , says burke .
she did available software in his struggle , and other three calls are in dire , addition of yours .
in the faculty of law and yale , the clinic in services legal for veteranos available soil a case against women four major arts military by pretending promote a environment misógino .
by another part , the organization without violating the profit vietnam veterans editor editor available cell a demand against the army that they focus on the verdicts were &quot; disorder of the gathering &quot; purchased at various victims of rape with the end of representation in high definition service -un basin common , according to psychologist , as anu bhagwati of the network of action for women in service , a group of human rights .
your group presented a demand for december against the administration of veteranos , acusándola of practices conduct in the form of the dirty pictures board of benefits for those people who say could write agredidas sexually in the service .
it have presented nine projects in law by separate the world congress for part of a mixed bipartidista of senadores and representatives , cigarettes a series of corrections .
in 2010 shop 3.158 subjected sex denunciadas , according to office for the prevention of the taxi sex and answer the department of defense .
without mentioning , pm subjected are inconsistent infra denunciadas , and by those beliefs estimates of pentagon , that figure in approximately the 13,5 by display of the 19000 incidents dear to be dead boy year .
the report , published in march , also considering the drive to prosecution : in 2010 , a 20 by display of the cases denunciados in the army was going trial - the half of the world system of justice civil .
the complainant in the case of burke , describen your dog as only the first of a series of mercenaries .
in the case of lyman , bossi the presunta rape her to police headquarters less than a passing reference to the ocurriera .
photo night , says , it feels asked to contara the details of his rape 11 times various to a range of policemen , medical , and indonesian .
she was tested at a kit that rape , and the blood of his agresor -de a hair on his brazo- was karl in his bed .
six months after , in april of 2009 , lyman relocation to a peak face a judge , during the sixteenth it feels she worries about the investigation had sex addicts with his novio the day of attack .
six people poorly as witnesses to vip in name of alleged perpetrator , that was finally absuelto .
&quot; remember the day in the wild read the verdict &quot; , says lyman .
&quot; thought that i thought i go at work -me snow shouting from the room . &quot;
&quot; i distinctly in the unit of psiquiatría , and when pretty , remember that he said to my official of whose , &quot; &quot; hot not statistically your trial . hot was my opinion &quot; .
to lyman it feels ordered center to a psiquiatra military , that eventually he knew he backs up the vip , what i was feeling no apta for the service .
in january of 2010 was dispensada the service under consideration menos-que-honorables , what i asked dvd receive any benefit .
in economics from whether the case presented by lyman and their colleagues in demand continues , is a possibility very p , says john turley , professor of law in the faculty of law eric washington .
without mentioning , com , &quot; in my opinion , should be able to continue forward &quot; .
what i was interpone between them and a verdict is this entailed the has been criticada since the edge published by first time .
i been a critical permanent of the russian feres .
the army available decades by running because it has to happen incentive to deterrent to aging of responsibility .
and adds : &quot; pm variable are heavily involved against the iraqis ... but it certainly for them standing . &quot;
these things just editorial when the people good looks ready to fight .
if the peak not going by his way , burke , lady of the advice , orbit around the spot to their other hundreds of advice for cases dealing .
&quot; going to continue fighting against the army in this issue until he was preaching about reconciliation &quot; , says .
&quot; or until the sauce muramos , what i happen first .
pm walls they eyes : how to researchers fee are looking at facebook
before the corner of the new york and the extreme right in europe , therapy behring breivik was simply another kind of aireaba your views on camera anti-inmigración in line .
the monday , breivik , anyone deed having tried a killing in norway in july , that denver 77 dead , it gang to his first hearing features public .
while breivik can claim slightly only , was gone from be just as the ciberespacio : had passed the largest part of time that preceded it your dog front to his computer , charlando with some of the millions of nationalists who oppose it to groups of right-wing in colleges social .
after the death tragedy of this summer , the researchers wanted know more about the breakup people .
but , ¿ how encontrarlas ?
easy - only chance to enter into facebook .
&quot; us closer account of the no statistically so hard get to them &quot; , says jamie bartlett , author main of a report published recently on the populism digital model for the heart of studies british info .
the alijo of information staff of facebook is so enciclopédico , says bartlett , that the researchers could simply using the tool of advertising for determining their characteristics demográficas deseadas with a precision scientific - the way that the buyer have gone wales during years .
the team of bartlett student input cds of fan of the groups of right-wing in whole europe and then they dirigieron announcements , but in place of vincularles to a new band or product of dieta , the announcements invitaban to the users to complete a questionnaire that jesus on his program educational , attitudes towards the violence and the optimism about his own future .
at bottom to via the facebook , bartlett and their colleagues were able to look at more than 10.000 followers of 14 parties to extreme right-wing in 11 countries privacy - all without get the word office .
&quot; is a form completely new of making a research &quot; , says bartlett .
some of the results do are the things drama : the supporters of line of the groups of right-wing tend to be young , men and enfadados by the immigration .
without mentioning , in a kind of drawing , &quot; those who combined his activismo in line with the activismo outside of line are more reasonable , more democratic and less violent than those who were left behind in the screen of computer &quot; .
the work of artists is only a example of how facebook it looks thou in a new piece important tool in hands of the scientists .
centres of research , researchers medical and scientific political are believed to get to look behind , since problems of health to trends social background as they privacy in the &quot; i like &quot; , messages in the walls and updates on state .
with more than 800 million in users assets agregando a average of three parts of content at day , the &quot; supernova in data &quot; of facebook available generated a booming in the research , pushing the number of jobs academic with the name of website at the title indicates almost a 800 cent in the past five years .
for some researchers , the beauty of facebook is that you allows send to show people who show up there podías acercarte with a carpeta in the street .
&quot; before , when intentabas encuestar to people of party national british , was very difficult identificarlos . &quot;
&quot; tendrías that go to via the party , and they never finish enable the access &quot; , says bartlett .
&quot; facebook funk all that - mary to them directly . &quot;
other headlines that the site could provide a way of identify and address the problems of salud-social .
a study recent survey by the doctora megan tan , of the university of wisconsin-madison and their colleagues , student who are students tend to liberation of their hazañas of borrachera in facebook radio a risk significantly greater than having problems with the drink in the students who loyal to silence on the subject .
tan suggests that the mission of the students , such as the dispatches residenciales , could control the site e selection for help to a student who publish linked updates on state with their drinking .
&quot; not finish try a problem if not exactly finish diagnosticar &quot; , said marc christakis , the co-autor of seaside and director of central and health , sun and development of child in the institute of research involving the seattle , said the washington post .
&quot; we found a way of identify children in risk of a lifetime way it phone diagnosticados . &quot;
facebook also available constantly &quot; pinchando &quot; to his own population for accuracy data .
the team of data of website has produced statistics on the state of the relationship between the day of san valentine , the expectation of participation election to half of sitting legislative and 2010 , and a index of happiness national de mainly wales in information to the back down may access - searches for the freedom digital manipulation much time to argue that the site should stop to put the other your big numbers of data for the research indicates .
without mentioning , the users of facebook know that the site them being somebody , them whether or not - the sacrificio by power flows at scrabble with a friend who thousands of miles of distance is allowing the use site mine your information staff .
but ¿ what happened when the users of facebook front to component part of a survey of either even jim ?
while the students researchers suspect guidelines well defined above how harvest their data revealed that line , in line is a barra free to all .
&quot; not believe that many of the users australian considered sacred in the fact that he just female could be examined their profiles &quot; , says neil selwyn , a sociologist of laboratory of knowledge of london , on a study of 2006 that carried out after with the walls public and facebook and students .
&quot; in what he would stay spokesman , was just between them and their friends . &quot;
then looks at issue of the methodology .
even if the line , not there guarantee of a man gets the research this fall completely honest .
in facebook , is impossible know that part of the information of profile of a user and the results messages of wall are true .
&quot; what i dices of facebook and what i hardly get the facebook are two things completely different &quot; , says selwyn .
is why that is , to spread the parents years as female and the technology , selwyn believes that a sujetapapeles and a bolígrafo diet post pm best tools for research that nobody can predict .
&quot; not there substitute for enter into the world real and talk with the people real &quot; , says .
&quot; the research social it represents the one on what social - and a lot of what social isolation impacts outside of line . &quot;
&quot; cold e inhuman : therapy behring breivik ago his first appearance public in the court
therapy behring breivik , the man who confesó be the brain of the two attacks that killed at 77 people in norway this summer , it has wedding to walk same as a combatiente of the &quot; resistance &quot; during his first appearance public in the court of oslo .
&quot; am a commander military in the movement of resistance norwegian and the results enough templarios of norway &quot; , said morgan a room full with 500 people .
&quot; i continued at court , already have received the mandate of those organizations that investors to ideology of hate and because supports the multiculturalismo . &quot;
&quot; benjamin the facts but not me declare taylor . &quot;
the judge torkjel nesheim discontinued to breivik during hot monólogo , because &quot; not willing give them breivik the opportunity to use this hearing as a platform for the exprese your views on camera &quot; .
by the same reason they refused to allow them breivik , that brought a speech writing with diagnosed , address to the family of his victims at final the last hearing .
nesheim also ordered to the police keep going breivik under custody during 12 weeks later , you faiths to access to the media and communications during four weeks , and said that women authorities clients who choose a bed control on all those visits and the correspondencia during eight weeks .
around the 30 survivors and family of nations victims petition to the peak .
some came with the hope of things to breivik to the eyes , other for confirm that they engaged recluido under fire .
all attended with the goal of having towards the conclusion .
&quot; thought that seemed frozen e inhuman &quot; , said a superviviente of utoya to the clinton ​ ​ norway nrk .
&quot; was embarrassed , but for me was a step forward after the completion of attempted at baghdad . &quot;
clothing with a suit dark and shirt blue , breivik it remained calmado and professional help himself over the last hearing and miró to the journalists and i have survivors to the eyes when she and went of building .
to spread the word strange notion of breivik of religion part of a movement of &quot; resistance &quot; dvd , the judge determinó that no one a herd mental , and said that no there evidence of that firm with cómplices .
is possible that they some them consuele that the attacks of 22 of july somalia be called the man extremista in place of a group of radical .
but that does suaviza automatically to capture and the confusion that whole range search still feel .
&quot; i like that prompt a monster , but not so loudly &quot; , said a family of a victim .
&quot; would much rather easy if so prompt . &quot;
7 lessons of the interview delayed the steve jobs , it ever was a witness this week
after the death of steve jobs , the 5 of october , shop some of what compararon with henry ford - distinguiendo at bottle of the technology as the great inventor modern .
but what i have fan of apple could find more sweeteners , in a interview to jobs recently redescubierta to the back down has desempolvado as teachers of a series of proyecciones special in the northeast markets this week , is how odd this schedule creativa comments about the processes commercial and flows of work to the products .
was certainly doubt a leather , soñador and hippie autorreconocido , but also was a flotilla meticuloso and a yonki of the diagramas of flow - a man who thought that many contact sufrían &quot; a disease that seeks to think that a large open it up 90 by display of work ... &#91; but &#93; there a huge amount of work among a large open and a great product . &quot;
in 1995 , bob cringely was underway in series of television mail triumph editor mail nerds de the triunfo of the idiotas de on the albores the computer personal , and it beside during most of a time with jobs for a wide and rarely conversation .
in conjunction time had passed barely 10 years since i jobs had been forced to leave the apple , and already al target in his new company guides next , waiting for adoption popular in internet .
while the company small part of the interview was cringely it used to nerds , said that the original of the interview writers during his transport .
was just after the death penalty for jobs that are injected a copy full of vhs in the garage of director .
this material is archive , slightly reeditado , is the basis of steve jobs : the interview delayed , of 68 minutes , that comes to the cines landmark this wednesday and thursday .
for someone known for odiar pm interviews in depth , jobs here seems fashion ready to run their philosophies tecnológicas and strategies commercial .
and very pensativo .
in four points different from what long as the interview , there big silencios between those questions and women answers - of 10 to 15 seconds of reflexiones , where jobs available sopesando clearly his thoughts , search accuracy .
also there beside the students who had perfeccionismo of jobs enter into the ground , where seems impaciente due to differences questions about cringely , empujándole to go over quickly moving to forgive or arguments of greater importance .
filmado before the turn was the pixar , the ipod or the iphone , there something extrañamente profético in the interview delayed , when jobs evalúa what i see that other companies doing well and bad , and offers his own vision of future of the surrounding .
a thing is read assessments póstumas of the race of jobs , but there something crude e inspirador in the jobs that hotels here , the soñador ansioso at edge of the greatness .
frame has a vision of both can be incorporated be held things .
not much later in explicarlo all with detail here , was the thing was .
a rapid short of seven secuencias retired from the interview delayed :
on how aprendió to wear a business :
&quot; to do over the bodies years in the business , i always wanted : &quot; &quot; ¿ by what described things ? &quot; and women answers to finish school of form invariable are : &quot; oh , that is just the way as they needed &quot; .
nobody knows why do ago what i needed , in the business person thinks the women things very deeply .
that is what i recall .
jobs she brought detail their efforts to determine the accounting for apple .
desconcertado by the way in it registraban the costs - to match medicine with a &quot; cost standard &quot; that they did to remove the good cubero , and that then they thought with a &quot; evolution &quot; - developed a factory automatizada that aseguraba that could determine the costs commercial airliner detail .
on the joke at pope :
jobs narra the &quot; box blue &quot; that he himself built with steve wozniak - a device that allows them to people hackear efficiently as company telephone and make reviews from long distance free .
it has written widely differing the device , but the euphoria of jobs here at quilt of cash blue as a symbolic of empoderamiento is contagioso .
describes how he and wozniak probaron the box through the use of a telephone public , doing a call , and then conectándose since a network of at &amp; ts to another , while creaba a bucle with the largest amount of satellites possible .
&quot; grant envolviendo pm things around the world a dozen dozen of times and gritabas to via the phone public and civilian a minute later tonight at phone public and the door of at hand &quot; , says jobs with a risita .
&quot; vintage young and so i learn was that relief build something we ourselves have could control thousands of dollars in dollars in infrastructure in all the world . &quot;
us two , not knew much , but realized build a thing small that could control a thing giant - was a lesson incredible , and not think that never got fresh apple without her .
jobs continues describiendo a joke gloriosa that he and wozniak almost wayside , llamando at vatican to via the last box blue in half the last night and seasonal talk with the pope , while doing his best imitation of henry kissinger .
to measure the program member of the hierarchy catholic pm convocados in half the last night for talking with the diplomatic american , the two estallaron in carcajadas fair before the start of mismísimo pope would foul for staying at reply to phone .
on enamorarse of the technology transfers and the sale by phone with garage hewlett de :
to the age of 12 years , to the hunting of pieces of spare for building a contador of genetic , arrangement to garage hewlett in the guide telephone and he did a call .
little after the whole conversation telephone from 20 minutes , jobs managed a job in summer to time partial to consultancies .
&quot; that was a remarkable influence on me , was the only company that had seen her sister age and formed my vision of what he was a company and what happened to trataban to their employees . &quot;
jobs were elected after the one that the employees of hp to dispatching the laboratories of research on the phone in palo high , where l &quot; the first computer to table never done &quot; .
was so large as a sprinkler , microsoft a small screen of tubo catódico , and i enamoré of him .
conseguiría a trip up hp as adolescent and lose the time with iraqi machine and escribiría programmes for her .
on improvisar the innovation :
in several points in the interview , jobs version comments about wheel new products on the run .
soon as his career , already have been devoted to sell a handful of le tour , you asked a client if could property all the team .
working with only 30 days of credit , microsoft is physically the montaje and the delivery of the devices acabados .
more later , while he was apple , reminds pm struggles to show that they gang in the development of a ratón of computer :
&quot; i agree with having arguments dramatic ... i gritaban that they warned five years &#91; for creating a ratón that costaría 300 dollars &#93; , and i harté and i went outside and snow a leather .
mid days after , had a ratón that relief build by 15 dollars and the era completely reliable .
on those big companies losing strength :
much earlier than that liderara the literary and apple , jobs proféticamente foresaw the way in which many leaders of the industry tropezarían in his vision , and perderían the control of his game to market .
&quot; di was trabajas in ibm or xerox , by what he described fotocopiadoras e impresoras best , ¿ and what ? &quot;
you sense the monopoly of the game of market , by what he was company does does more successful .
the departments of sales and marketing increases the success , by what he suggests this class of people involved in murder by directing pm companies and women people peacekeepers in the products are expulsadas the forum for the taking of decisions .
the bottle of the products that carried out toward position of monopoly was pudre by jeffrey of people who do they were notion of good products vs bad products - the knowledge of eradicating necessary .
that is what i happened to xerox ...
xerox could subjects adueñado of teachers of industry guides .
could explain herself ten times its size , could explain herself to microsoft is the years 90 ...
inquiries about defeat of the victory .
on the innovation as expression pablo :
&quot; there a huge amount of work among a large open and a great product ... to measure the evoluciona the great idea , title and wonders . &quot;
it learns much about the rules sutilezas of the same .
there simultaneously to pay for something - some things that do finish making it might have electrones , the cabin pm ago , the robots pm gift , pm factories pm gift .
windows that keep 5000 things in your brain - these concepts - ajustarlos all right to catch ...
at final thoughts were down at lived - it instances to try exponerte to do better than a team of human has done , and then try to adjust these things to show that your partner doing .
pablo said that the good artists copied , the big artists roban .
never seen had shame about the sale big ideas .
what i was part did seem at macintosh was that women people who were working in him were musicians , poetas , artists , zoólogos , ad , that employers were the best scientists designers of world .
if not get through the surrounding , could be doing things maravillosas in other fields .
scalia and thomas cenan with the rival the last piece of care care while the court deleted the case
the day that the vast chief was met at door closed for examining the question politically controversial of whether aceptarían the challenge to the law of care care of president obama , two of his re-election , antonin scalia and clarence thomas , were agasajados in a dinner patrocinada by the signing of lawyers who expondrá the case pending the high court .
the occasion was the last thursday , when the nine judges were gathered in a hearing preliminary to look carefully placed requests for review .
one of the cases in turn was a demand dates for 26 states defiance of reform total of the county health gibraltar by the congress of year last , a law that has been a prisoner of war for the activists conservatives in all the country .
the magistrates acordaron mix to registration of demand and , of fact , it expects a plea historic of 5 hours and average for march , and the result probably enturbiará still more to race band of 2012 , that haiti in full peak in the moment in which the decision of court found anywhere .
the lawyer who comparecerá face of court and alegará that the law should be desechada will probably paul clement , anyone video as attorney general of ee.uu. during the government of eric w. bush .
the signing of lawyers and clement , bancroft pllc , was a way pm almost two dozen of companies that ayudaron to patrocinar the dinner annual of the society shift , a group of musicians many years dedicated to the defense of the early legal conservatives .
another attraction to patrocinó the dinner , jones day , represents to a stop those associations commercial that desafió the law , the federation national the business independent .
another patrocinador was the giant farmacéutico pfizer inc . , that has a huge interest financial the world result of argument .
the dinner was pale in a hotel in washington , hours after the death hearing preliminary the court on the case .
between the participants was , between other , hurricane mcconnell , the republicano more important in the senate and a opponent taylor of the law of care care .
¿ the guests special in the dinner ? scalia and thomas .
not that bad new : the two judges have gone digital to events in the society shift over years .
and not one thing that between the conflict with those standards ethical .
of fact , the judges are exentos the code of conduct that code violations actions of the opposing federal zero .
if not exactly query , could say that caerían under the code canon 4c , that says : &quot; a judge can attend to events for custom funds from organizations relating with the law and other , although the judge did can be a speaker , a dinner of credit , or record in the program is perhaps event . &quot;
without mentioning , the proximidad keyword is scalia and thomas to two of the bufetes of lawyers in the case , so as to a company with a huge interest financial , was enough to alarmar to the activists who talk about the government .
&quot; this impressive keep the place ethics e discounted towards the code will be against the rules calls for several officers who game of court for those same rules that were apply to all the judges federal &quot; , said bob edgar , the president of common cause de cause common theme .
&quot; the judges were agasajados in a desperate to get the subsistence with lawyers who they cases pending face of court . &quot;
your appearance and assistance in the desperate to get to this event undermines any demand for influences , and is unacceptable .
scalia and thomas have shown little interest by those criticisms that say that mezclan too easily be activity of court with the agenda impulsada by groups like the society shift .
and the wife of thomas , ginni , is a researcher release conservative .
by another part , the conservatives argue that it was magistrada widow kagan , the back has a problem relativism , not scalia and thomas .
kagan worked as procuradora general of the administration obama when they got the first challenges details to the law in the court of first instance .
your critics have preferred to be kagan it pennsylvania and see the case , saying that he too involucrada in protecting the law as for now be impartial .
kagan not been given any indication of the thing looks at do .
boeing weekly a resident record of 18 thousand million in dollars
the aerolínea emirates calls 50 planes of double glass boeing 777 , with option to 20 more .
boeing also sells six planes boeing dreamliner to oman agent , a operation valued at more than forty million in dollars .
rarely ever is news when a company prints a resident of 50 units of his product .
but it a great transaction when the company is the manufacturer of planes boeing co. and the price of cigarettes to the 50 planes total to a record of 18 thousand million in dollars .
is so large as the first of where boeing received the order : east environment , a prototype of gold in growth and prospective orders of planes .
in a study indicated to apply the monday , the company of chicago estimated that over the next 20 years pm audited by middle east required 2.520 planes for value 450 thousand million in dollars .
boeing announced during the weekend of week your asked more harm than the story for planes commercial for his courage in dollars - 50 jets boing 777 of double glass .
the exitoso asked wine and the aerolínea emirates in dubái .
the aerolínea also has a choice for buy 20 planes over , what i accepted the award of selling them to 26 thousand million in dollars , announced boeing in the salon aeronáutico of dubái 2011 .
then , the monday , boeing said that oman agent had asked six boeing 787-8s , the so-called dreamliner , that teams of a savings of fuel and few services for passengers spectacular .
the price of cigarettes to six of them is more than forty million in dollars .
&quot; this has clearly a lot effect positive for boeing &quot; , said the toxic waste morningstar neal dihora .
&quot; the quality of these clients in particular is very strong . &quot;
many names of east environment are property of their nations productoras of oil .
by what both , not only they had spent for pay the planes , but i just showed up to pull the fuel - by what general welfare for those lines airlines , because it violates the students increased costs - not that simple harmful , because the country thinks won money with the rise of price of oil .
that is important because they less likely to other names that cancel or delay pm command of flight when the prices of fuel taxes , said dihora .
&quot; they an protection natural &quot; , said .
the asked to pay emiratos solidifica the leadership of boeing in the market for planes of fuselaje cable and help to keep it raya the attempt to his competitor airbus sas and challenged his dominance with the air of passengers a350 .
the victory of boeing in the book of air was delayed four months after the fact airbus told that she would delay the debut of more powerful a350 , that reward directly with the 777-300er .
pm on debut for add more momentum after the fact of customers exigieran a rising from the burden useful and the senior .
pm actions of boeing co subieron a 1,5 cent date 67,94 dollars .
the sister of president of mexico , at appear derrotada in the vote in michoacán
luisa cowardly felipe phone call from gangs ayudaron to his oponente the pri , fausto vallejo , in the contienda for governor .
the sister of president felipe felipe seems unlikely lost his candidacy to gobernadora of michoacán during those elections of turn state , and she said the monday that the author ayudaron to credit the race in please let one of his opponents .
the results preliminary added to delantera in the race for governor of state western to fausto vallejo , the party revolucionario institutional , or pri .
&quot; the intervention of crime organised during all the process election and , on all night , is alarming , not only for michoacán , but for all the country &quot; , said luisa cowardly felipe in a interview with radio a day after the death vote of sunday .
&quot; marijuana to our candidates , to our employees election ... it apoderaron of those polls , instalaron barricadas ... and ordered to the people who votara &quot; to please the pri .
the pri supremacy mexico during seven decades until he lost the presidency in 2000 .
without mentioning , is the plan in scene of a return , and the victory in michoacán is a step important in conjunction effort .
the pri has the hope of winning elections elections presidential in july .
vallejo seems unlikely female by little room to felipe , anyone had led authorities surveys before the election elections .
felipe , a candidate of conservative party and action national the whole brother , or bread , it refused to acknowledge it vallejo as the winner .
silvano aureoles , the candidate of left hand on party revolution democratic , or prd , that currently pays the office of governor , delivery of third place , a great defeat for the left attitudes and desafortunada before the election elections presidential of 2012 .
aureoles also be refused to acknowledge the results preliminary .
vallejo , exalcalde of the capital of state for morelia , refused links with the mexican e transfers to the others candidates to accept the results .
michoacán has been during much time emotional by dominant in the drug councils in marijuana , heroin and metanfetaminas .
is the state slide the president felipe , and he checked michoacán for launch a rebel military yards against the sentencing of december and 2006 .
without mentioning the violence has persistido .
a mayor of bread was murdered a week before the election elections while doing campaign for luisa cowardly felipe , and numerous candidates abandoned mines candidaturas local by fear .
although for the pri , by truths that somalia pm elections in michoacán , a victory help to promote the party .
the man who was supposed georgieva at pri in those elections presidential , widow peña grandson , talking since washington , felicitó to vallejo and said : &quot; think that this victory should be very alentadora , of whom at middle year &quot; .
the basd applicant to asia to help them beast to the eurozona
the bank asian and development de basd de has done a call to india and i china for the call preparen for help to rescue her from eurozona of his crisis of debt bonds for preventing a recession to long-term term that rushing to growth in those economies asiáticas .
rajat nag , director general of bank asian and development with headquarters in manila , said that women two big economies of growth over quickly the world did you &quot; do everything else might &quot; for speed of recovery of block economic already outside to via the bottom side international or directly to via the agreements bilateral .
warned against the bric &#91; brazil , russia , india , china &#93; countries that jersey pm difficulties of europe and a way &quot; neutral &quot; and said that the county attorney for asian games with the leadership and resources privacy ayudarían to avoid a crisis to long-term term in the economy overall .
&quot; are all together in this . &quot;
&quot; so that anyone who can help to europe to get the word crisis is useful &quot; , said at financial times of a interview in the context of hearing economic downturn in bombay .
&quot; asia can be protegida in certain extent , but not dry be gradual . &quot;
&quot; so that if china e india can help , that makes for all the media . &quot;
the union monetary union was has seen severely undermined by a crisis of debt bonds in the past months .
in the past days , the costs of borrowing from italy was made bells peligrosamente and the first ministers of italy and greece have dimitido .
the current crisis in the debt bonds in europe has grown to fears of the roman lose to the economy world to the recession and has led reviews for the women main economies emerging out join for help to the eurozona to find a solution .
the president nag potsdam that any support for asian elephant canalizaría to via the imf , but she had to care bilateral - as the fire of the bonds of directors of rescue of the eu , the bottom european and stability financial - reply a greater power to negotiation for the partners asian and europe .
anand sharma , minister indian the trade , said that &quot; the india will help make everything else might &quot; for help to the eurozona already have their own economy now he hit the fall of those exports and the advent of those tickets to capital abroad .
&quot; nobody wants to the eurozona processing post inestable and turbulenta &quot; , said .
&quot; we challenges monumentales and we have maintained a high level of growth . &quot;
&quot; not that one option , is a imperativo , because ¿ where find employment for tens of millions of our young men and women . &quot;
other argue that women economies in developing as india not they responsibility in helping to the europeans rich when they face to his own and deeper problems stem .
ashutosh varshney , professor of the university of brown in the ee.uu. , said that would politically very difficult sell the help to europe for the thousand million boat thousand people in the india , of the subjects completed 800 million live with close to 2 dollars per day or less .
&quot; in some time off ending account of the students disclosure was jubilan to the age of 50 years and it seemed to holidays to show beaches and that no caerá well &quot; , said .
n howell , director managing director forum economic downturn , also be asked by what pm reservations about the india was assigned use for maintaining to the numerous and well bound workers of entertainment public greek , in posts in work and businesses bad administradas , and generadoras of loss as to railways .
the president nag said that the crisis of the eurozona threat with &quot; important effects on nbc &quot; by teachers asia .
the prognosis of bank asian and development of 7,5 by display of growth economic the asian for 2011 g 12 it faces now to the &quot; file to the low &quot; due to the threat of europe .
said that the vulnerable markets emerging montenegro do &quot; plans to contingencia &quot; for shield of a crisis and performance consistency of capital of their economies .
candidates avisos the pentagon about the dangers options cuts in defense
the secretary of defense , lion panetta , calentó the congress of monday , advirtiendo that the cuts machines that budget that was avecinan could undermining the security national and wind a reaction financial the chain from the corridors of pentagon , to the camps of battle in afghanistan , to show providing the montaje civil .
the pentagon study prepared digiriendo the 450 thousand million in dollars and tries to do over the last session decade , but now afraid a reduction additional of 600 thousand million or more in cuts in may be imminent if the congress does river bottom to a settlement on the spending .
&quot; the impact of these cuts would la for the department &quot; , said panetta in a letter to the senadores john mccain , republicano by texas , and lindsey graham , republicano by carolina of southern .
said that the failure of congress to get to a settlement on the budget and his ball , the so-called &quot; alan &quot; , sophie place to a 23 by display of cuts presents and a high level many projects new .
&quot; a populist so large , applied to this way indiscriminada , messages that the biggest part of our projects naval and the construction not be able presents - not be interpreted buy three cuartas parts of a ship or a building - and fines thought other efforts to modernisation &quot; , wrote panetta to the senadores .
&quot; also us veríamos forced to apartar to many of our officers civil of form involuntaria and , due to the ground zero out impondría with such fast , is almost certainly be mined for licenciar civil with the end of aging in aim . &quot;
&quot; these changes romperían the faith with those who sex our army and dañarían thought of good soldier . &quot;
the cuts with the time alcanzarían to show troops in combat , said panetta .
&quot; if well as funding for times and war in those accounts of operations for contingencia in overseas not be altered directly affected by the hostages , the efforts of the war was merge agents feature writing the serious disorders in the gray of basis &quot; , warned panetta .
&quot; the contract with personal concerns reduciría , what i caught up delays in the contracts and the supervision of contract that supports the war . &quot;
&quot; the staff at nómina it reduciría , giving rise to delay the students payments to the suppliers of time to war , and the support legal and political would cut . &quot;
the two senadores had written to panetta ago 10 days , asking information about the possible impact of the cuts machines in the department of defense .
&quot; the ball in a disturbing the world department of defense manufacture a rapid decline of the united states as principal engine military of world . &quot;
&quot; are strongly in combat in this action draconiana &quot; , said the senadores in a shadow whole of late nineteenth monday when publicaron the letter of panetta .
&quot; this does is a result with the fact they can live , and certainly not what one would maybe negative affect us computers . &quot;
&quot; the hostages is a threat to the interests of the security national the students states supreme , and not being built allow the horse . &quot;
if the letter of panetta and women recent warnings of the senadores increases the pressure to a compromise collection or identification practices reviews for eximir at pentagon to the cuts available for see .
panetta said been each time than frank about the possible cuts , to spread the back door to a job in the top of pentagon with age of experience in gray in the congress and the white house and sabiendo that they enfrentaba to decisions advertise .
in a conference of press the week last , the secretary of defense pintó a picture sombre of what he could be so front - a army with a concha , but not a scholarship .
&quot; is a ship without sailors . &quot;
&quot; is a brigade without balas . &quot;
&quot; is a card airline without adequate pilots marines . &quot;
&quot; is a tiger in play , a army of cuarteles , buildings and bombs without adequate soldiers image for failing to mission &quot; , said panetta in their words and opening the world pentagon .
&quot; is a force that historically the low moral , the preparation combined and not one capable of excellence at day with the potential adversaries . &quot;
&quot; in effect , foot to the taxi ... &quot;
in a apéndice to their shoulders to mccain and graham , panetta enuncia new details about how women tries &quot; beautiful important file command : crossing the world time of response to those crisis , conflicts and fire departments limited severamente our ability to be deployed to figure came in all the world soccer and puts a risk unacceptable in corporate operations of operations . &quot;
and panetta said that some of the greatest projects in defense could manage to hacha , including those who already been doing probando and some just in those early stages of the planning .
video list includes the air of operations f35 ventures strike fighter , a new bombardero items , the submarino balístico of new generation , the new ship of operations height and the new drive to win the land that the army and the marine scientists replace , the humvee .
john the development and women evidence additional cost f35 could generate heat 80 thousand million in dollars in obscure to do over the 10 years , but their supporters say that it was really step vital to improve and evolution pm threats transmission of china and other broadcasters .
as explore a lie
a cable to the headlines again recent us advice med candidates and curse are the dressing and the dressing in the life visions .
the candidate band republicano herman cain available seats intercambiando allegations of harassment sex with several women reported each side accused of lying to the other .
the administrators of the university faculty and pennsylvania avenue been accused of perjurio by pretending veil reports that detainees who an coach of football returned was agrediendo sexually transmitted children .
the week last , the president french , santa majors , was &quot; pillado &quot; with a microphone open saying at president of ee.uu. , hello obama , that the first prime israeli benjamin netanyahu is a steal .
lying has destroyed bet and convulsionado countries .
the congresista by new york and exhibicionista in internet , anthony weiner , did the findings with their desmentidos quickly rebatidos by the test irrefutable .
the former candidate band john edwards has been accused of crimes in the financing of the campaign ever met in encubrimiento of a relationship extramatrimonial .
and , of new , nobody would do viviera olvidará never had coined mediático launches by the president garage clinton at lying awake your second term comments about his relationship sex with mónica lewinsky .
are very extendidas pm myths about women traps in the respondents were the school and the university .
it have given rise to the back of teachers have given pm answers to the respondents to the students with the end of religion best seen in their assessments of performance .
mentores that should be enseñando what else are sending the message of the lie to kid are ports .
¿ cost deception us find ?
in a day anyone , the studies show that you can lie in any place in 10 to 200 times .
that sure , many of these spins are littered piadosas .
another study showed that the strangers mentían three times in the first 10 minutes of conocerse .
explore spins , or &quot; the location of fashionable &quot; , is a jack essential to keep customer all , by reasons both personal as professionals .
far from be a game of table similar to , by example , charada , where the goal is exclamar : &quot; fee i &quot; , the detection of deception is a ecology of knowledge scale based on data scientists reported during those weeks six decades of prestigiosas universities that held projects in research on terror , especially in psicología and fisiología .
one of the results of the research is that the old mitos comments about the dressing have been rebatidos .
the mentirosos yes watching her from eyes .
not always tartamudean , balbucean , it ruborizan or inquietan .
not be interpreted crack either that the mentirosos design choices of explore or myths .
a detector in fashionable ya can get to the truth teach classes of the structure of the statement , pm expresiones microfaciales , the training of questions and the times .
boys several years sondeando the descubrimientos scientists on the dressing in the gigantic and always shining body of knowledge , and was clear that the tests of deception is a technique modern that is easy to learn and help to steer by our complex world - especially if your responsibilities professionals include the contract , interviews , or the management of negotiations .
the good mentirosos they were jack and read well to the others , legitimate patterns to abandon , manejando your own emotions and sintiendo of form intuitiva how to inhale the others .
know why women research that the extrovertidos mienten more than the introvertidos , that the men say more &quot; spins win passage yes computers &quot; , while the women women say more fashionable &quot; win passage of others &quot; -- usually for protecting the feelings of someone -- that women people married mienten less emotionally to their spouses who started people who do are married de but those spins out usually say tend to be &quot; huge &quot; de .
also know that if you is insightful as a malhechor , the others were sentirán less guilty at mentirle .
¿ how desperate if someone being mintiendo ?
first , variation in codes weddings of inappropriate .
this was drunk &quot; create a line of basis &quot; .
help to provide points of reference for livestock after the changes .
variation in washington of inappropriate , risa and feature blues .
is better than telling if someone usually golpetea with the ordinary things to time to do something allegations illinois when he minded the feet golpeteando in half the last meeting .
to transform , busque groups of sun sell , verbales and not verbales .
basic to these groups of sun as signs of alarm , not as proof of deception .
pm people who con can freeze the part higher the body at try to remember her story , can consent your feet straight up door , inclinarse towards a nearby , change your attitude is way significantly or exhibir a &quot; desahogo postentrevista &quot; -- hot haven suspiro of alivio and change the position a time that all those questions advertise have ended .
to match the interrogadores gift see falsamente that the interview has ended only for find hot alivio postentrevista .
also giving attention at vocabulary of inappropriate .
scott peterson metió the pata date of directors and usó the time last while awaiting the whole wife killed was viva , lanzando a search for her to level national .
pm people who con also can use a polite distanciador : &quot; not quit relations sex with iraqi woman ... the señorita lewinsky &quot; or repeat a question hard accomplished .
the indicators verbales more common are sutiles .
someone can use a lot of &quot; language therapeutic &quot; when says he once asked hard : &quot; good ... to say farewell ... date what i am being ... to my appreciation . &quot;
this makes it the answer may lead percepción in place of a fact and is going often a sign of warning .
not there any suggestion mágica for examination spins , but develop skills for logic of deception is possible .
these skills improve relations posted on anyone to avoid be victimizados by the artists of the fruit in their lives professionals and personal .
the controversial plan of oleoducto departed after the threat of delay and ee.uu. in his approval
days after the fact that administration of obama amenazara with finding the approval of a oleoducto planned from canada date of gulf of mexico -- enfureciendo to the unions , while apaciguaba to the conspirators -- the company that might build the oleoducto says that being prepared to redirigir the project for return to encaminarlo .
transcanada said the monday through the night that moverá the oleoducto planned outside the area environmentally sensitive to sandhills in nebraska , and confident in the world project player in approval .
the company announced that decision in the conference of press in the capitolio of nebraska .
the directivo of transcanada , alex pourbax , says that the company keeps his confidence in the grip of time to oleoducto may recommend , if well is true that with a map different .
this week after the announcement of week last for part of department of state for the retrasarían the decision by a permit federal for the project until he was estudien new routes transmission of eviten pm eastern of sandhills of nebraska and the acuífero ogallala , a gigantic supply of water unofficial .
&quot; this is a real chance of winning &quot; , said the plant n terry , republicano of nebraska , to fox news .
the new review environmental ordenada by the department of state is possible that separate any decision until 2013 , after the election elections of middle year , although the officers loyal to the political structures envuelta in the decision .
obama , in a statement written by week last , described the decision as to call the department of state , and they expressed all his support .
the oleoducto , of 1.700 miles off extendería since canada date of gulf of mexico .
engine 700.000 pour by day and the province of alberta to show refineries in texas .
for keeping , would need to cruzara six states .
is odiado by the conspirators , but amado by the groups of work , that have apostado by the estimate of 20.000 posts in work e d oleoducto .
but the legislators who nebraska opuestos at plan are sopesando the legislation to force a alejamiento of the region of sandhills and the acuífero ogallala , the largest source of water tap and the irrigation .
the study of impact environmental current the department of state student who was project only raised impactos environmental adversos limited , but the source of the industry energy said that the inspector general of department has ordered a test panel of pennsylvania in pennsylvania , focus on two issues .
a good if the state of lobby job for transcanada , paul elliot , that was married to campaign for hillary clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interest to the program .
the other is whether a signature of virginia contratada for directing the study original was a choice inappropriate because he hardware to transcanada .
patti labelle demandada by pretending wind up a child vomitara of fear
a family of new york says that the diva of the music disco , patti labelle , it comportó as a loca in the hose to his building a manhattan , aterrando to his daughter small tree in terms of the vomitó of fear .
the long-standing and the singer is &quot; lady marmalade &quot; asustó to genevieve monk , of 18 months of age , both the shock &quot; changes in vip , disorders of sleep &quot; and &quot; rate their fear to the distant &quot; , says his family in the temple chief of manhattan .
was the 10 of november of year last when the tramoyista kevin monk , your wife , roseanna , teacher of garden of childhood , and genevieve it were preparing for staying at a trip family .
while kevin monk cogía the car , roseanna monk pulled at hose the building of riverside boulevard , with his bag , looks at genevieve .
roseanna monk said that they stopped beside the last door and knees to her daughter in the soil by a moment .
&quot; someone was acercó by running up like he , &quot; ¿ coverage so that being done your daughter ? &apos; you said &quot; yes &apos; and center to cogerla &quot; , said .
labelle amonestó enfadada to the woman pregnant .
&quot; said in a tone persists , &quot; not should explain herself to her daughter close to the door &quot; , said roseanna monk .
&quot; you said , &quot; not have any interest in what he might telling or considers &quot; .
it infuriated the started to use bad words - the word c and the word j in voice high ...
microsoft a bottle of water and began to throwing the water and the bottle on me . &quot;
said that genevieve it brought histérica .
&quot; you said to this woman , &quot; beggar what i asked olivier fact to my daughter &quot; , said the mother of the girl .
labelle it abalanzó on the mother -- that still sujetaba to genevieve -- and took a bullet contained by his background and withdrawal from a car that was expected , said roseanna monk .
the small side stood beside mail that vomitó , levelled .
more later , the family program a note asking a excuses for labelle , but not required reply .
the lawyer and the representatives of labelle not devolvieron pm reviews for comment what happened .
the demand search damage not especificados , but the lawyer for the family , sam david , said that apparently was case of form pricing and that the family planning donate all the money that non to a partnership of support from the children with cancer .
&quot; the purpose is done to patti labelle responsible for their conduct &quot; , said david .
&quot; hot type of conduct is completely unacceptable , especially when it christ to a masterpiece of garden of childhood that she was rushing to a child of 18 months of age . &quot;
adversidad lay frenó the economy
during the first year of management and mauro oxide valdez , in sinaloa has grown to unemployment and the informalidad , pulled the trigger foreign and it relies on economics
the 2011 is a year to be votes in the history economic and sinaloa , it about the first year of government in mauro oxide valdez , autodenominado the change , that generated big expectations posts to the progress of the economy , but getting the adversidad lay in evolution of year , not be noted growth , in exchange yes it reaches a loss of the main indicators of development economic .
pm texas temperatures of february , addition to seoul millonarias loss for the industry agricultural , constrained pm posted on the economy ohio for grow , causaron a contracción of the activity economic the general of 3.6 by display in the first semester of year , justified mainly by the historic fall of 31.16 by display in the agriculture , that discovered the dynamism of the other sectors economic .
of agreement at reporte of afectaciones by those frost , issued by the council mexican for the development rural sustentable , it slowly damage in 582 thousand 835 hectares cultivadas , of those subjects in 78.03 by display estate damage total and the remainder 21.07 by display took damage partial , the main crop siniestrados were held in citrus , mon and garbanzo .
the fall of the activity economic has led , date november , a rising constant of unemployment in the state , according to institute national the rain and geography of birth of desocupación ohio during the three days quarters of year it observed a growth accelerated , already have grown up january to march 55 thousand 053 sinaloenses were desocupados , with a rate of 4.53 by display of the population economically active , for the second quarter of birth control to be 5.28 by display , and between july and september the average cream leads up 6.19 by display , a rate that was number of people arroja to more than 74 thousand sinaloenses institute , a rising expectations at first semester of 18 thousand 969 individuals .
book liquidity
the unemployment in sinaloa during the year is multifactorial , for the economist gerardo oxide finest , director of the faculty of sciences economic and social of the uas , the growth of the desocupación can explain indirectly , in function of those actions that since the political public about been conducted .
&quot; what i was being black is a growth of unemployment in damascus to see with several factors , between them in white and liquidity in the market for effects of a perceived as resources for the legislation that was adopted in the congress for combat the rolls of money , already used to people who agarra dollars in teaching malpractice not allowed is easy to the long-standing , the supply and the bicycle in something &quot; , reservation .
migration parcel
oxide finest collector who are the rise in the unemployment there also a factor demographic .
&quot; the number of people who are going the state of adolescents in work in the student , in america united it has restricted , first by those moments for enter , and second because teens already struggling also many difficulties for find work , photo people were being cut and being demandando sources of work here in the state , what i needed to be unemployed are rises &quot; , courses .
informalidad
the analysis of market index sinaloense it agrava at compare the high level of informalidad that satisfy between those conditions are working , according to inegi , 60.38 by display of the population base in the state coffers without breaking cotizando as worker face any institution of security social .
aunado at unemployment e informalidad , another of the rezagos labour the state are the wages low , the entity has started remuneraciones more texas southern country , of agreement to the records of institute mexican side insurance social and the secretaría the work and predictability social .
the manager monthly average of the workers sinaloenses was , date september , 5 thousand 352 heavyweights , very by below the average national , center in 7 thousand 375 heavyweights .
contracción of ied
aunado to the fall of the activity economic and the increased in the unemployment , during 2011 it reaches the largest gold in the investment foreign direct the students last 10 years , according to secretaría of economics at january to june of the ied ohio sumó 630 thousand 697 dollars , what i ever a fall from 87.74 by display posts to the 5 million 143 thousand 312 dollars registered trademarks of himself sitting of year earlier .
by his side , the secretaría of development economic the government owned contabiliza a investment total of 17 thousand 280 million in heavyweights in the year , swordfish mainly from companies of entertainment terciario .
the debt
face of scenario of contracción economic , the government of state requested in july at congress ohio to roll over a credit for 3 thousand million in heavyweights , computers that phone diabetes is investment in projects that infrastructure in the 18 municipalities , with the sake of reactivar the economy , the approval of congress local was so a monto of 2 thousand 600 million in heavyweights , and until november not have seen the benefits of borrowing in any industry in the economy ohio .
reactions
for representatives of entertainment business , the first year of government in mauro oxide laura page shows the one big one capacity of management of government .
miguel loredo oxide , president of the house national the last industry in the transformation , reservation that during 2011 it command of the train to voluntades of the different sectors , including at himself government of state .
&quot; the ngo that the economy in sinaloa during this year has been really very little , there is work hard to recover the ground that miscarriages of this year , in the 2012 we have redoblar efforts , knowingly alinear the effort to all of about everything from good run longer sincronizada of this new team of government , expect that the next year makes much better &quot; , reservation .
bankruptcy economic
loredo oxide courses that events as those frost of early in year ms the economy ohio and restringieron your pocket and growth .
&quot; the lower flow economic is product of several events , between them pm frost , one of the main effects has been a slower economy that no indication back what enough faster for generating a renewed economic that enable account a level acceptable to flow into the processes , products and services and by what both , at final the year we closing very by below the women expectations that had &quot; , jackson .
redefinir vocación
for teodoro salazar uriarte , president of the confederation patronal of the republic mexican in sinaloa , courses that are required encausar at state road activities creative and greater dynamism .
&quot; in terms general have seen that it has state working , us believe that it needed develop a program of long-term term in the back down redefina the vocación and the orange economic the state , because it plays out about detone all the potential of resource materials and processes that has sinaloa &quot; , said .
work for making
the president of the coparmex skills to importance of establishing a vision of future of encauce best of efforts of government .
&quot; in terms general i switched to the government has spent actual writing give good results in various definitions , in japan and development economic there some progress but it certainly is being tropical a program to long-term term &quot; , courses .
collector who is administration current has shown progress in their way to drive the political public .
&quot; there elements that comment say that the government debt relief than incluyente , i do think i say it is there work done and i think the government debt aware of the universe might go ahead &quot; , reservation .
what monies for 8 kgs of mariguana
to five years of imprisonment and 100 days of fine was sentenced a bargaining for navolato by the office of eight phones and mariguana .
the procuraduría general of the republic journal of the narcomenudista sentenced is omar alexis valenzuela sandoval , by the crime of violence in health , in his similarity of office of mariguana with purposes of trade .
of agreement with the client ap g without g cln g 687 g 2010 g m-i , valenzuela sandoval was arrested for elements of army mexican , the day 7 of the june of 2010 , in a transformed the guard on the street cipriano valdez , front at poste 80 , in the populated by cards , navolato .
the narcomenudista circulaba in a camioneta type pick up , colour white , where glasses a bag colour black in the box of forcing the into the asiento the copiloto a small bag , where the military balls eight plutonium 23 grams of marijuana .
by such reasons , what asegurado delivery to put the judge second of district and the individuals continues indicate that the focus of execution of the consequences selection of crime .
must input for works
pm works of character social situations in programmes as habitat , rescue of stars public and 3x1 for migrant it helps to risk of not be concluidos or the pain candidates delays due to the lack of resources economic , collector miguel laura oxide miranda .
the director of development social municipal mark the whether well until now the programs of american folk advanced , yes it helps to risk at no sooner observed the government of state with those contributions to him owed pm computers cancel a resource manager at the 11 million in heavyweights in the three programs .
collector who are defined by investment in these three programs is the almost 50 million in heavyweights , of the subjects at state medical the 25 by display and the extent now only the federation of american prayer have colour resources for those works , by what he was possible line in the conclusion of these were recently educational .
&quot; are almost 12 million what i love file department and i pretty of the world cup prepared for lighter not happy have given either a fifth , when since july debieron give a part &quot; , reservation , &quot; us to do retrasarnos we started wearing works and how well advanced , but we needed lack of money &quot; .
jackson said he year last , in the administration of jesus aguilar padilla , the state does register with those contributions to them correspondían , by what he brought page of the administration of prayer had to apply a credit to reveal the red of 7 million to do aportó in town knew the administration ohio .
&quot; already told institute in the sexenio previous because the state does took the ability economic order participate and the programs nassau thin , and this year we get stuck access to these programs had to get the resources to reveal what i stopped edge of state &quot; , detalló .
despite her to catch the commitment of those authorities horizontal to comply with the delivery of these resources , victory that they did indeed the request at secretary of administration and finance , armando villarreal , of apresurar pm havana to be the auto show them owed wait so before possible .
&quot; are almost 12 million what i love file department and i pretty of the world cup prepared for lighter not happy have given either a fifth &quot; .
hair valida &quot; battery analógico &quot; in mexico in the 2015
the engine of signs analógicas by digital is one of the changes over substance that has suffered the world in the past years
the chief justice of justice and the nation de scjn de suggestion pm controversy formulated to interpusieron the senate and the house of delegates in combat the decree band that adelanta the so-called &quot; battery analógico &quot; of 2021 to 2015 , at no meet the eight votes needed to invalidarlo .
a minority of four ministers , including the president of the temple , john da meza , fun to be president felipe felipe not be excedió in their atribuciones at send the decree that annex pm actions to continue to practice the transition to the tv digital earth .
with hot olive , the controversy constitutional promovida by the senate and the republic , was desestimada by no non of most dregs of eight votes for the last hair was pronunciara on the narrow or inconstitucionalidad the decree , and this bill educational .
the project of judgment , maps for the actress olga sánchez ear , proposed site inconstitucional the decree , due to the ground regulation of those books are radio and television is a faculty accounting for law to the committee federal of connecticut de cofetel de , in contravención of the early in subordinación jerárquica and the reserve of law .
to please the project voted domain zaldívar , george mauro pardo , margarita moon and the hills sánchez ear .
with this argument , both the senate as the house of delegates promovieron two hearings formulated for impugnar the decree , and at mix pm calls , the actress sánchez ear suspended in implementing the decree and the resultant pm actions in him willing to take transition digital .
the full of ministers temple underestimating also the demand interpuesta by the house of delegates , without enter into the discussion of project , also to office in the inner-city sánchez ear .
in his speech , the minister president said no rendered with the arguments of project , in the sense of the world executive federal not able estructurar to via the rules general election cycles for the last administration public about prepare .
&quot; either believe that if what you were afectaría the autonomy of body regulatory &quot; , and reminded me of planeación of political liberties in areas relationships as the industry is telecommunications owed at executive federal , anyone has led mandate constitutional , the rectoría the state .
the engine of signs analógicas by digital is one of the changes over substance that has suffered the world in the past years , and it translates into a better aprovechamiento the spectrum dividends , a better quality of the signal and more channels .
explained the change , affirmed , would postergar the benefits of the brand , that means a decision to touch public , that no sense domain a dimension technical , &quot; web arts issues associated , social , policies and the security national &quot; .
these issues , skills , &quot; photos of operation of all the system established , accordance at principle of rectoría economic the state , engloba a group of atribuciones that the constitution leads to the faculty of executive producer &quot; .
reminded that he large number of countries in all the world has concluded already in transition digital , and what has happened to notice the executive , despite her pockets with bodies technical highly councils .
not be interpreted crack down on executive , at send the decree uncontested , that invada in any way to demonstrate the skills of congress , web was being grace in the sphere administrative the unique to show laws emitidas by the legislative , secured .
laboratories possibility of a conteo &quot; vote for voting &quot; in michoacán
of agreement with the data onto by the prep school supplies between first and second place in the election of governor is the bush 27 by display , still without contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of those 6 thousand 74 anonymous contributions .
the possibility of conteo &quot; vote for voting &quot; is a reality in what he was concerned at process election of this year in michoacán , where the agreement with the data onto by the program is designed election preliminary de prep de la difference between first and second place in the election of governor is the bush 27 by display , still without contabilizarse the votes appropriate to 879 of those 6 thousand 74 anonymous contributions .
at mary , the president of advice general of institute election of michoacán de iem de , cowardly to the los llanderal zaragoza , reminded that makes few days , virginia in last 9 of november , the body turns adopted a series of lineamientos with the end of ascending pm standards local with the reform federal in japan election .
as they recordará , michoacán not homologó your constitution policy papers your code election of state or her law of justice stephen , entire time to the congress of state adopted policies reforms little before the caribbean in short supply for the publicity enter into force in the present process election and the governor leonel godoy rangel omitió your publication in the deadlines credit for the law of newspaper official of state , with the argument that the teacher some scientists .
the same 9 of november , the chief justice of justice and the nation de scjn de temple of controversy constitutional promovida by the power legislative local and stupid as &quot; inválido e illegal &quot; the vote of attorney ohio to show reforms formulated , entire time to do has law of &quot; sancionarlas or vetarlas &quot; .
entrevistada in graduate from the possibility of &quot; vote for voting &quot; , cowardly to the los llanderal acute that thank to the tune of the lineamientos appropriate for part of advice general of iem will possible to threaten the recuentos biased and contributions of the vote for part of body turns local .
of iraqi form , the count partial to votes , of one or more packages election , able buffer the students stand up to : the results of those entities not coincidan categories not tolerate the record of polling and cómputo in the bar of the casilla or not obre in power of president of the same answer or , when maybe errors or alteraciones obvious that women anonymous .
addition , the count total of the vote golf in all areas pushing the last election able medicine when youngsters sign of the last legs between the candidates program winner of the election of the texas natural and the fact shipping mail to second place in the vote , is just or less to a point percentage categories always and when at baseline and the session des arts request articles of representative of party and g or coalition that postuló at second and the candidates señalados .
the count total of the vote also able medicine if at classic american cómputo ordinario it sets up the difference between the candidates presuntamente winner and the center of gravity place is just or less to a point percentage , always and when youngsters in request articles of representative of party political campaigns candidate delivery of second place , case in the sixteenth it excluirán the packages election that looked been subjected to count partial .
compare mention that in exchange looks out features of choice for morelia , where the agreement with the prep school supplies between the first and the second place is a little of 0.16 by display , although without calculation of votes in 129 of those 923 anonymous contributions .
your last quarter
your cenizas toys esparcidas in the sierra de zapalinamé , confirms the family .
the rim of red laura bacio cortés arribaron to saltillo , your city slide , this sunday afternoon in late , during the monday was conducted to carry reconocimientos and a parish in réquiem .
according your family is ultimately depends the deputy colonel was that his cenizas admission esparcidas in the sierra de zapalinamé .
after the treatment he tribute to side of those other people fallecidas in the accident , the family of bacio cortés weekend to the capital of coahuila to board the one aeronave of the strength airline mexican , pm people more allegadas petition to the ceremony in the field mars .
to show twelve of midday pm cenizas the deputy colonel arribaron the capilla of velación kansas on the bulevar nazario ortiz garza , to where were stores family and friends .
to show 5 : 30 of the late be asked brindó a recognition of the institute technological and saltillo organised by their former colleagues of bachillerato technological and the team of football american , the larger formed part laura bacio during his preparation of bachillerato .
&quot; your willingness was that returning to saltillo and that their cenizas admission esparcidas in the sierra de zapalinamé , always did courses so i their family and to their friends &quot; , this thing took to apply sandra bacio cortés sister of red .
for her , the deputy colonel had observed all their dreams , viewed as he was the plenitud of his life , &quot; was a man exitoso , sent as father , as son , a brother amoroso and at edge of his family &quot; .
laura bacio cortés cameras very young and the city of saltillo for ring at school of air in zapopán , jalisco .
some not so creían because bogota that even they mareaba in the crash categories without mentioning , always arrived comply your dream of hot air pilot .
your sobrino george alberto dávila bacio what reminds as a very good person , &quot; virginia was in saltillo entire the family wanted saludarlo , as the occasion of the assassins to martha sahagún to saltillo &quot; .
the young man who even when lawyers with seven years of age louis to zapopán for the graduación of his family , by that knows that his tío died doing what i most fun bet on the life : pilotear a aeronave .
you ride the last goodbye
with honours was hello to lieutenant colonel in the fourth straight mexican , laura bacio cortés , in tribute to encabezó the governor george torres oxide , and that he soviets p and government of state , the faction mexican , to via the last sexta area military , the hills force chief mexican , rating and students of technological and saltillo , where estudió in 1985 and it skills so that the study as a child sport .
bacio cortés , baseball in days gone at desplomarse the helicopter to the piloteaba , along with the secretary of gobernación , joseph francisco blake mora , and six people more , all officers of iraqi unit .
to show 18 : 05 hours late to eliminate the saltillense bacio cortés de cremados de , for be awarded for the funeraria to members of the strength airline mexican , encabezados by the greater jaime martinez , in the mosques of plantel , where already was coming for her family , between them their daughter amanda and his wife cristina , your mother , brothers and others l , students and teachers .
localizan three unidentified devices in finca of cadereyta nl
hours before the headlines , the authority military contractors face of media and communications at eleven people who were arrested in the same municipalidad by crime related at crime organised .
three men were mixed killed her balazos in different parts of body and with the throw the tea , in a finca inaccessible the prayer of cadereyta jiménez , new lion .
the headlines deutsche in the upper 1.5 of the road to cadereyta to santiago , to the height of the community posting as the castle .
several people who sacrificed for the first observed that the police fifth , whose barda is colour beige with coffee , it cell in portón open the couple in couple .
at look towards the internal , to pass three metres , localizaron the bottom of three people , by what he was immediately ordered senior at various levels appropriate .
one of the individuals vestía playera amber with shorts and mezclilla dark , without footwear categories to his side was another with playera of tirantes white .
to size an tube was the body of another individual with playera red and shorts and mezclilla blue .
the three were dismissed mouth logic .
of agreement to the data obtained in the first , pm three people jack been killed in another place , already have no place balls casquillos in the siege .
in the barda of the fifth place aprecian myths that going designed to a group of the crime organised towards another , addition to several orificios of bullet in the same and the portón .
dover to 11 in cadereyta
the secretaría of the defense national forest in presentation of 11 people , between them a lesser degree age , those were part of a group misuse of operaba mainly in the prayer of cadereyta and i lived out they linked with secuestros , homicidios , &quot; halconeo &quot; e inhumaciones clandestinas .
according to information getting to know , in a first made the day 11 of november in the colony of alveros were picked eight people and they refuse beast to a stop permanecía private the whole freedom .
to them about them aseguraron three property and a celular categories lawyers be mentally the group displaying pipeline &quot; the zetas &quot; .
in another fact canada is 12 of november to show 06 : 00 hours , personal military october a taliban and surveillance in the populated rancho old , in cadereyta , detectando a prosecution without le and with two diets to board .
at marcarles the high and perform the inspection , the military balls a weapon long , a charger and 18 cartuchos .
subsequently and after these messages , the 13 of november to show 14 : 00 hours spent relax at one of his cómplices in the ejido the frauda , anyone at see it from military tried buffer to the brain .
it sounds were asked frank inhumaciones clandestinas in the municipalities of general terán , china and cadereyta .
it formará the wednesday at new government italian
the nominee first minister , mauro monti , it reunirá morning with the president of italy for refusing to new government that they faced to a crisis that has hotel to suggest country at edge of disaster economic
the nominee first minister silvio , mauro monti , it reunirá the wednesday with the president of italy for refusing to new government that they faced to a crisis that has hotel to italy at edge of disaster economic and has since become danger entire the eurozona .
a shadow of palace coup announced that describes , appointed by sunday , it reunirá the wednesday with the president , entity napolitano , for confirm that can component a government .
it expects to present a gabinete ad in his most by brilliant , although not being clear when institute of office in new executive .
monti said that spring at president of outcome of their conversations with the parties political the whole bid for defending a government .
&quot; want confirm my absolute confidence in the ability to our country and somebody this difficult phase &quot; , said the former commissioner european to journalists .
monti not told the way explicit that maybe component a government but the tone of his comments indicaron that the obstacles are made overcome .
the &quot; framework available now well delineado &quot; , levelled .
monti has completed the process of establishing a government in less than three days , much less than what normal , while italy win a crisis policy and financial that has motivated by costs of their debt to levels insostenibles .
the new administration yards per of former commissioner european monti must approve a hard package of austerity verified by the leaders privacy for affection for severe trust in italy .
subrayando the pressure on monti for the call consideration endangered , the instability of the markets hikes in performance on the bonds enforcing btp to 10 years by above the 7 by display , the level of the american greece e ireland were forced forced to be rescatadas .
emma marcegaglia , leader of the patronal italian confindustria , said to the press after examining with holes : &quot; manner that enhanced much to this government &quot; .
style that this government is the latest opportunity for the italy sex with this situation is emergency .
pm posted on success of monti it forced impulsadas of form considerable by the telescope of party pdl of silvio berlusconi , to anyone in crisis en to resign in saturday .
&quot; style that the efforts of teacher monti are decorated to mind a good outcome &quot; , said to the press angelino alfano , secretary of party and centroderecha .
the support of pdl , the largest party in italy , is significant because until now many of their members were announced theories at government of most tecnócrata that being spine monti .
support picked
the new government of monti must account a strong support picked for applying what i probably will impopulares reforms of austerity .
any definitive or delay the parents moved could provoke a new and devastating attack on the markets financial .
the association italian and banks foreign it sumó to the pressure at pictures of a failure of monti would a disaster .
monti network of monday your consultations with parties political , news and groups business , so as with organizations youth and the women .
orbit end to his round of meetings in tuesday by the night .
monti was appointed to sunday afternoon napolitano , that has habilitado a transition extremely fast in response to the crisis .
after a brief respite from end to the week last , when delivery room that silvio dimitiría , the costs of the debt italian have risen now to levels critical between the uncertainty about whether the new prime minister will succeed .
beast to italy , with a debt public and 1.8 provides a eur , would too for those babies financial troubles of the eurozona .
monti has said that his government should prices far pm weeks elections , relevant to 2013 , despite her pm predictions approval on the cover political only he liked time to implement policies reforms before the adelantar pm elections .
monti has said that he would include political the whole gabinete , but the big parties insisten in the race track sex only by technical , a sign of their reparos face a process forced by the pressure financial .
sources policies began to show desconfianzas mutual and the disagreements broadcasting the parties are complicando the attempt to include restrictions policies .
the roce of the spaniards is higher at the facts ticos
of the 22 futbolistas scanners and spain , ten rebasan the 50 games international .
the side of santa rich only one of the 22 convocados came to the 50 sports .
a contrast mayúsculo at the expense rich , if they compare the 22 convocados by both countries to the friendly to today , to show 3 : 05 p. mg . , in the crowd national the san joseph .
while the champions wars and the high , number one of ranquin monthly of the fifa , contabilizan a broad register of games interselecciones of class to , the tricolor only indirectly at fan michael umaña as the single out discount the 50 parties international .
video figure out spa in friday previous in the party against panama de 0-2 de , in the rommel laura .
the futbolistas vessels that buried in the league in those stars and the powerful clubs in the league premier of england , sex at year a pill activity in hockey in league and glass household , and descent of high level of copas nokia as champions league .
to do previous it feels sum of experience with the furia spanish in eliminatorias proven to be exemptions and the world of futbol .
the futbolistas ticos , by the contrary , shares a roce international limited in a zone , as the concacaf , that is physics of the most varied level within the last fifa .
see that the maximum register of the selection spanish is the arquero Íker pushing , anyone in saturday night face england de fall 0-1 in london de igualó the record of exportero andoni zubizarreta , with 126 sports international .
pushing jugará today face of tricolor e impondrán a new record for spain and 127 internacionalidades .
xavi springs , volante fat of barcelona , details 106 .
pushing and xavi , even , were driving the week before by the uefa along to the other centenarios the team ibérico , the hunt zubizarreta with 126 and the ariete the glorious , glorious carlos , with 102 .
almost close to the figure centenaria available carles puyol , with 97 games .
you still xabi alonso , with 91 categories ferdinand torres , with 90 categories david villa and sergio welcoming , both with 81 categories andrés iniesta , with 62 categories cesc fábregas , with 61 categories and david da , with 53 .
the side tico , and close the michael umaña , are the lateral hard júnior commander , with 48 presencias and the artillero bryan ruiz , with 45 .
after the failure , only five accounting of 30 parties : keilor navas with 31 , randall azofeifa with 32 , michael barrantes with 31 , charles springs with 36 and joseph luis oxide with 35 .
the least .
with more than 30 presentaciones in spain notes gerard piqué de 37 de , sergio busquets de 36 de , santiago santi cazorla de 32 de , honours arbeloa de 31 de and glorious albiol de 31 de .
the side national , with less than 30 presencias , copies roy miller with 26 , winston parks with 26 , gabriel badilla with 25 and roy myrie with 23 .
the rest not be entirely to show 20 .
while nacho moreal only does four games and jordi alba two , in santa rich prince bolívar details just one of Ólman vargas and edder nelson still not debutan .
the goleador historic of spain is david villa , with 50 dianas , followed by ferdinand torres with 27 .
by coast rich , bryan ruiz is the fact shipping more hidden with nine , two more than charles springs and three more than roy myrie and parks .
quinteto protocols at home in his novel the fta and two decades of background
&quot; go to coast rich is a dream did actually &quot;
in interview wanted with viva , the bajista jeff ament , of pearl jam , said that the band available list for providing one of his best concerts in east sunday , in the crowd national .
have been more than 20 years of waiting , but the band symbols that for them too happy grant in reality the dream of music in the country .
so what secured the bajista and state founder , jeff ament , anyone corporation in wanted with viva , since brazil , the week last .
the grouping it happened in the spare suramericana of his novel the fta and two decades of work and the sunday 20 vacuum pumps single level of america .
hot day off survey of the crowd national , to date on those 7 : 30 p. mg . , along to the band angelina mail x and the national the women robertas .
this is a extracto of the conversation , whose transcript full count on the nation in internet .
for their followers costarricenses , is a dream did actually be pearl jam oz to touch the coast rich , ¿ are aware of what he doing chicken your fan ?
go to coast rich is a dream did actually get us also .
this is hardly our second time in south and central and until now has been preparations .
i heard the coast rich only a slight and the holiday shopping is a country so beautiful and i think we will power static few days hence .
so that we emociona wear our music stops .
it did wonder because there a kind of devoción towards the band , the fan live with modern the days leading .
¿ what they say they their most fervientes followers ?
thanks for questioning to our side to via the japanese these years .
us took nearly 21 years get to coast rich categories thanks for having cup melted and lamentamos that we hold reserved both time in florida date there .
any people even longer be concerned to his viewers as the beautiful than larger the year .
¿ you add that he recently had pressure to his visit ?
some of the shows more valuable than we tocado during the past 21 years sucedieron during the last couple of weeks .
tocamos a couple of shows gigantescos in sao paulo and expect to hear us shipping cook in form for this event in santa rich .
of truth , are very desperately to touch it .
amamos hot country , us love surfear and the jungla categories for both things , coast rich soil sample of best of world .
¿ how was it discovered coast rich and his navigating for surfear ?
we many friends who are surfeadores and i just great friend of venus in tamarindo and women navigating results are influenced .
my friends always been convicted to surfear to coast rich and nicaragua , along with mexico , are big places for surfear categories so was how we enteramos , by half a people who loves the surf .
at see the entire , have shattered entregando shows huge with many songs .
¿ what have planeado for his presentation of santa rich ?
as ever seen tocado results before , then not have any restriction on what he can do .
intentaremos give the best dance possible with a good variety of songs categories bureau of music a couple of songs from each album and give them our fan a good and diverse repertorio .
you never echo the repertorio .
¿ to what they should this ?
think that is partly because we nine francisco and we music more than 120 songs and i each one he likes different songs , so that it difficult decisions what songs music each night .
when we both or three songs in the repertorio that magnificent pink and not touching , that we keep enfocados and also we keep surprised because we watched those reasons why women are we gustaban these songs and the place we could explain forgot .
that makes it was beautiful may further noted for us and , by both , think that also said store more interesting to the people .
with this novel , are o 20 years of background .
at look back , ¿ is difficult to believe everything else that have contributed ?
yes , absolutely .
in first place , think that none of us were guess that off the mark jensen band of rock and read fact by more than 20 years ago that appear as a dream .
keep telling our bendiciones and we emociona much of relief organization doing music together .
all we want to us love create music .
fan lucky to go to places of world to the back doors quisimos go .
pm things do search be better for us .
¿ what manifesto for you to explain herself part fundamental the emergence of grunge ?
always been considered a firm belief part of appeals panel of large bands .
fan very friends of the people of soundgarden , mudhoney and alice could chains .
is surprising when a movement input from a group of friends and is something little common .
of time in when , input a gang of a city , but it much more bizarre when five or ten bands retail at himself time of a chair city .
are proud of remaining in damascus part of group of seattle .
still tocamos with some of them are getting into when .
the year last , depression in a festival with alice could chains and depression in canada with mudhoney , saw her soundgarden in his novel , so that we lucky to be friends with all they still are we remaining be part of appeals audio and seattle to come .
also is very strange that a gang as the one you were intact references and with the advent member for both time .
yes , four of us have we together by 21 years and matt de cameron de it us joined ago 13 years , what went , by itself only , is much more time of the bladder many youths .
in first place , think that all we lucky to be still with life and , in second , all we preaching by the others .
all we friends very immediate and , thanks to that , also be noted open avenidas blogs that he says freedom to each one of buying .
us hope to gain access to other with the music of each one and not could be better .
the relationship of you with the word reputation not been tested simple answer without mentioning , thanks to his success , have shown do what i want .
¿ how smooth a sheet ?
to as we went growing , has been more easy find a balance .
us site of the no denying too high graduate seminar is easy fall in conjunction game of those big multitudes of the last people to al your music .
while one democrat who is telling lies there for the music , that you left it comment online at music and what i was brought , without encapricharse by be famous and be a rock star , something that i missed the us really likes interested .
¿ how reminds her hand project mother love bone ?
think that escribimos very good songs and at principle was something preparations .
went a gang by almost three years and never tracing a disco date that after the fact muriera andy de andrew woods de .
shop many frustraciones because durara both the thing over important is that still holding very friends of bruce j fairweather de and greg de gilmore de , that detected in the band with us and when hear a song or see a photo think it was incredible person who andy was the driving me introduce laugh , always was a pleasure go to work , reírnos , talk about music and futbol and much more .
was a funny man amber and what extrañamos .
the band national standards robertas will be teacher of open the beautiful in santa rich .
¿ is true that you know your job , in particular eddie vedder , and that by that the escogieron for the opening ?
yes , the production us email videos with several proposals and looked was the band that most enthusiastic pleased , so that we desperately to see what i started robertas can offer a pleasant and duty be very fun .
¿ by what always editorial in print and yellow ledbetter in alive ?
photo is a question for ed de eddie vedder de , so that no harm .
frame of singing and think that what makes with what first to be asked portfolio .
¿ as bajista , what are your influences ?
are paying .
within the human capacities that they felt motor are geezer butler , john entwistle , c. j. ramone , john doe , paul mccartney , chuck dukowski ...
are hidden from could talk shows to pm on the bajistas that i adore .
¿ how did manage pearl jam records relevant to grunge to spread the no be stopped a fashion ?
think that all we always felt devices a little desconectados of the word grunge .
when thinking about her , i watched those bands that list before , as mudhoney , soundgarden , nirvana and all those who came at himself time , and , if there games now , think that is something expands because it music that anymore to worth hearing and gangs as mudhoney are doing now better music that never .
at principle , your music teacher a content than dark and now it has risen more positive .
¿ to what they should this change ?
is interesting because i think there a couple of songs in the new album is perhaps once somalia more livianas , but also there songs , as mail ind or just breathe out posts as songs very darkest although can sound a little broadened .
with both , when ed i started tocó , lloré when women known and are songs deeply darkest .
think that when creces and there somewhere trauma in your life and it loses her a family or a friend , these things begin to stay calm art and your music and turned two songs , without doubt , represent that for me .
also , think that it can be a person happy and still so powerful do music that makes hanging .
peru :
peru is internado legends for grades medical
the former president alberto fujimori was internado the tuesday in a hospital public for be evaluated by the loss of momentum tissue that puts the women piernas , journal your doctor about cabecera .
peru , of 72 years , that lay a row of 25 years of imprisonment for violations to the human rights cometidas during his government de 1990-2000 de , mid several dolencias , including a cancer in the language by the fact has been operated four times and the place keeps under control .
the congresista alexander aguinaga , anyone is your doctor personal , said at channel n of television in peru will evaluated during three dÍas in the institute national the diseases neoplásicas for determining the reason the pain and the loss of momentum and their members zero .
aguinaga victory that the whole view peru would a candidate for accuracy of interest of calling for reasons seeker , without mentioning , said that he did what anyone because it knows innocent .
was operated four times the cancer to the language , has a loss of weight ponderal of 18 phones to the back down he have aunado other patologías as are the gastritis erosiva warning , the quiste the páncreas , the hall renales , the hipertensión gauges and the problems park in those piernas , enumeró the doctor .
peru old solitary confinement september of 2007 in the direction national the operations special about the police .
in april of 2009 was convicted to 25 years of imprisonment for the death of 25 people who hands of a escuadrón of aniquilamiento the army that operó clandestinamente in the first years of his government .
mujica travel to mexico for strengthen ties political
a comitiva official , rangel by the president uruguayo , joseph mujica , e integrated by several ministers and employers , launch this tuesday a visit to mexico with the end of expandir the trade between both nations and address issues political and the region .
mujica it reunirá the wednesday next with his hand mexican , laura felipe , point more sophisticated than a wide agenda of fans with authorities policies , commercial and a terrible with the roman of uruguayos residents in mexico , according to agenda repeating by the presidency uruguaya .
the meeting between both presidents , in the city of guadalajara , will &quot; evicted for the exchange of information in all what i are the issues political between those two nations &quot; , according published in presidency of country facilitates the whole page web .
according media local , mujica buscaría get to felipe apoye to endorse the world incident with france directions when the attorney french , nicolas sarkozy , protocols at home facilitates the one presented in havens tax , in the meeting of g20 in the city french and cannes .
in his speech , majors reactor with scissors and the community international to those countries that goal remains rating tax , statement that resulted in rejecting the uruguay and the so-called to wikipedia to his ambassador in the country european .
mexico chaired since november of g20 , group integrated by the countries emerging and developed over powerful of world , and has retained with the country facilitates , since january of this year , a convention for tears information mel with the end of avoid the double tributación .
the government uruguayo has tried to the past years agilizar the closer the agreements that exchange tax with the end of escape from the &quot; list grey &quot; of the organization for the cameras and the development economic de oecd de , pro by countries that do implementaron all the college international the cooperation of chicken tax .
in the smart commercial , mexico and venezuela they educational since 2004 a treaty of free trade de tlc de that has increased the exchange of goods between both nations .
the plumber bigotudo it passes pm three dimensions with &quot; super mario 3d land &quot;
super mario said fought , applaud , to do over the 25 years by save her from princess peach and women garras the malvado bowser , but never far now what had happened in three dimensions : in &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; peleará by the love of the girl in technology estereoscópica .
the title , that comes this month to show stores in all the world , has been designed from a brief for individual differences characteristics of the video portátil nintendo 3ds , that allows playing in three dimensions without need of using glasses .
&quot; mauro is the inspiration for holding the words how should function of estereoscopía without glasses &quot; , aseveró the gray of press specialized in nintendo in spain , omar designer , during the presentation of videojuego in madrid .
designer mark the &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is &quot; the first videojuego of nintendo considered originalmente for granted medical &quot; , already have until now readily as &quot; star fox 64 3d &quot; or &quot; zelda : ocarine editor aol 3d &quot; pm adaptaciones of titles existing .
the spokesman for nintendo has maintained that , to spread the stakes in 3d , &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is a videojuego &quot; portal &quot; that allows enjoy the company offers quick and fluida .
designer has claimed that &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; contains two games in one : the first part is &quot; simple &quot; for enganchar to the users less hábiles .
a time superada , the most experts tell give a &quot; second straight &quot; to the levels of play , that this time hotels dvd difficulty .
addition , the users able choose to spend real between a &quot; d persists &quot; or one that just afecte to the depth of the action , but will need playing in three dimensions for power beyond the different challenges and &quot; not widen to racial angles &quot; .
this incursion of super mario in those three dimensions supposed also the back of inspiration to a video portátil , fact that no place twice since the year 2005 .
in this videojuego nintendo ago guiños to the church of the saga of repeats the formula of success in those rendition previous , consisting of a child plumber the bigote will be long platforms minadas of dangers with the goal of free will to princess peach .
although the player heart innovations in the movements , the environments , the disfraces and the enemies and also to a luigi &quot; jugable &quot; .
naval avala the extradition of portillo towards us united
the president honours naval base this tuesday that gave registration to the extradition of exgobernante alfonso portillo for the written in red united by the conspiración for the rolls of us $ 70 million .
so ends up process for the lucrative respondiera to the request of country of north american reclamaba to portillo for juzgarlo beyond .
in conference of press , naval workshop that his decision spa to the independence of powers features and executive , medication in mind that a court of judgment upon request ordered the extradition .
aseveró that during his brief &quot; not metió pm hands &quot; in resolutions software and gave registration to all those extradiciones that has known .
addition to portillo , toys extraditados sergio ruano marroquín , by killing the injury serious , and edgar estrada asset and victor estrada walls , both by mexican .
what happened by naval supposed a residence executive then i was agotaran all those bodies software and traditions for assertion at exmandatario of among 2000 and 2004 .
of agreement with resolutions of court fifth criminal and the last hair and narrow shelf cc de , portillo left be extradited a time expired solventado your situation legal in guatemala and it retailers your rights violations .
portillo was absuelto by the desfalco of q120 million in the ministry of the defense when was president , the larger was the process of antecedía to the extradition , but the interior public apeló and thirteenth the case .
trinijove has helped to 6.000 young in rio de los
the entity born to avoid the fall of the marginalization of boys without training
the annual rate of stars 25 years of life in the exchange of support social trinijove is important : 6.000 young in risk of exclusion have received help to overcome a situation hard to do over the eastern shore of century .
to recruit was add the massacre long as posts in work overview currently used this group social .
the anniversary video yesterday for making sheet of a act item in the former complex fabril of fabra r coats at the petition more than 300 people .
trinijove born in the park and trinitat vella in 1986 with the goal of helping to young with little training , without work , with problems of dogradicción or in rio de fall in the marginalization .
the fta and yesterday in sant andreu concentró to a large number of senior management firms e institutions that are these 25 years have colaborado with the association .
the diverse representation policy , in full time election , cookies in character lanka the work hard for trinijove .
along at president of the generalitat , artur red , and i their facility jordi pujol , petition at act of exconseller of education secretary , ernest maragall , and the exteniente of mayor and current concejal ecosocialista ricard gomà .
also box to the great room with the fabra r coats of current conseller of benestar social r família , josep lluís cleries , and the director general of the american social and the caixa , jaume lanaspa .
red workshop that trinijove born in a peculiar very difficult and it was hopeless also said that , but added that the work hard until now &quot; is a good basis &quot; .
the president brought to trinijove as example for know co against women working circumstances and by giving hope to be people with difficulty .
&quot; the crisis not that unusual new order of whom are for the job that piece &quot; , courses .
desalojada a finca okupada where they teens macrofiestas
the invaders were announced adueñado of 11 of the 13 apartment of building , in balmes , 51
the 12 ocupantes red in finca the midday on yesterday without providing resistance
all seems browse the last pesadilla that kept the neighbours the 51 of the street from balmes has come to her last .
twelve people abandoned the midday on yesterday volunteer to inmueble that held illegally , and where organizaban macrofiestas that desesperaban at vecindario , by order features and without need of a speech police .
when delhi to defend , it upside the cerrojo of the door for preventing the edge machine that situation .
&quot; to date on now there a control of access &quot; , workshop on administrator .
the okupas , that had plagued 11 of the 13 apartment of building -el rest are habitados- , it ideal weight of plant generating and part of the body water , addition to paint pictures walls and stop waste of all kinds , on all latas of excess beverages .
the three days apartment were the scene of those seasons multitudinarias , that duraban date two days and desesperaban to the inquilinos .
at hand of building there a discoteca , balmes 51 , that also was has seen printed .
your owner , maria pantinat explained to europe reporter who gave up the building was occupied by business has gone a 80 cent .
the owner of the discoteca finger to the invaders from the finca you teens competition ohio , already have vendían pm copas to three million , while the police discoteca valen 10 .
addition , the owner of local and leisure had had to respond to complaints vecinales by noise , while , according path , pm bother not unusual fatal to customers in the discoteca , but the focus of the house okupada and , on all , the participants to show greetings to be organizaban there , that had grown your relationship e towns in those latest weeks , according to enojados neighbours of the area .
the gray of the discoteca explained that women bother pm so big that even came to a settlement with the flat of inmueble and makes nine months of &quot; you perdona &quot; the tank .
the barracks urban also confirmed that during those weeks weeks had received more complaints about neighbours by the situation .
the president of group municipal the pp in the son , alberto laura commander , had edgar the week last &quot; desalojar of form immediate the inmueble for shooting with the problems of respecting the civismo that badly to the neighbours , so as to exacerbate the last section &quot; .
the leading democrats explained that before the summer just had a floor of building occupied , but i do term of the past months of okupas had gone teens in all areas plants of building and the almost all of apartment , and that the instrument even be made changes highway .
in this sense added that , &quot; is necessary evil with the perception of religion grade against the incivismo that they did vacuum in the finca &quot; .
also yesterday , the mossos desalojaron a building in nou barris .
to show 15.30 hours of police were unrelated date of 35 of the street from mont-ral , after receiving the so-called of a bargaining that had seen that four people accedían at building .
the four were arrested in the moment .
¿ park or mountain ?
the architects employers in the opportunity to take notice more appealing to controversial on refunded
the contest municipal on those 16 doors reabre the debate about the role of collserola in barcelona
amediados of the 80 , in full peak of the study extinta corporation limerick of barcelona de cmb de , this administration imprimió few pasquines of promotion of collserola .
the folleto definía the mountain as the great park in the barcelona limerick .
is more , it acompañaba of a comparison , in figure , with the central park neoyorquino .
with the death of the cmb , in 1987 , the park page to situarse , in the imaginary and many , as the deadline higher than barcelona , post of capital catalana of those few who did it orientan in the backbone element but logic de mountain de -abajo de sea trials .
the rating of collserola as pleasant natural audience in this idea .
the reference already not statistically central park but yellowstone , with the jabalís in the paper of oso yogi .
in these are supposed date that , in september , the son convocó a megacompetición association for 16 notice for other big doors of access to collserola .
a door planned to the idea of park , without doubt .
or that or someone intended set doors at camp .
the question enter voice : collserola , ¿ park or mountain ?
the contest , both by his weddings assures organizativa as for what he meant to evaluate on the city is the subject of conversation between all the architects barceloneses .
is almost fell a subject recurring at the harvard available when two members of this ancient untouchables of command was compiled by a lift .
and this fact page foot , continuous , to a stop those few coincidencias between what we afghan three architects barceloneses , and teachers tend , that they have presented .
miguel roldán , daniel mòdol and marta bayona : the contest is fit .
for roldán , after share the front height &quot; it makes necessary &quot; discuss on &quot; the front of mountain &quot; , entire time to the speech of ildefons cerdà , the way women premium greens , not be taken off to carry .
&quot; compare date of the base of the world park more wild and barcelona is the beach .
between other things for her big accesibilidad .
collserola is more complex &quot; , judgment of architect for anyone to master the &quot; doors of collserola &quot; confirms a &quot; trap léxica &quot; : not there to think of them &quot; as the accesos to a park , but the delimitación of glass areas where there is determined &quot; .
mòdol , as roldán and bayona with experience in the world urbanístico , brands of motion of &quot; challenge intellectual &quot; with &quot; some underlying &quot; .
dangers derivatives of what &quot; true that is today day image of space public &quot; after the experience vivida in the 80 and that took the last section of fòrum &quot; your ending the cisne &quot; .
the first fear is that likely delimitación of glass borders on where they can build .
&quot; limit something is tools already in next step &quot; , is saying , your sobrepaso .
&quot; there is thinking about new instruments urbanísticos , of planning , because of current &#91; in reference at plan general metropolitano de pgm de &#93; can give yourself to auténticos flat &quot; .
more ceñido to the question , mòdol relative to , simplificando , the funerals vallesana of collserola &quot; can understood as a park , the way barcelona , not &quot; , by a question assures topográfica .
mòdol reminds me anymore there a lot done by the patronat of collserola that &quot; not be thought of lump breaking &quot; , although memorial to chance it will submit offers to his gremio of selection of this project &quot; since the first time &quot; .
and still more , see that the cercanía of the mountain with the city is the pass to teach them to architects enter into the debate , but &quot; doubt &quot; on whether it this profile technical the back must lead the teams multidisciplinarios de &quot; all a identifies &quot; , finger de that they have had to create : &quot; the architects should be just a tool &quot; .
bayona catalogue of the answer to the question that gives title to this piece is complex , because of those named the contest lack a vision global of collserola : &quot; it have blessing 16 notice links -dice- in the sense montaña-mar , but not exist a reading longitudinal , that matched the understands the area in his whole &quot; .
result sudden , at least in his case , that led choice for participating in the 16 notice .
of another way , a project for a full pm doors can chocar in programme and definition with the tip architect of the door of at hand .
in his opinion , that yes , the son should ensure that the strip immediately higher level of dollars in dalt should anticipate , in whole your uterus , a area of equipamientos that efectuara a anymore transition between the city and what green .
casino perdona to jonás larrazábal and recycle free
then the 72 days of arraigo , the administrators legal the casino network otorgó the forgiveness at brother of mayor of monterrey the process of being asked dressed for presuntos chantajes
then the person 72 days recognized , manuel jonás larrazábal original in freedom then the back of helplessness legal the casino network you otorgara the forgiveness face of genocide second criminal the district , that still a process by blackmail against the brother of mayor of monterrey .
then the tube at casino royale , the fire of casino network , sergio gil diego , did public a series of photographs and videos on the back presuntamente manuel jonás you saw the payment of a game economic order to make son regiomontano designers of operation nationals of the house of betting .
after the attacks public , the procuraduría ohio tender a process criminal indictment of brother of mayor panista and the 2 of september was arrested and solid by 30 days .
then the four hours face of agent of ministry public 3 in crime patrimoniales , was rough to the house of arraigo 1 , kansas in the park former of the capital of state .
in conjunction place permaneció during the 49 days following at dictársele a second order to arraigo then the back of agent of ministry public desechara the crime of cohecho and crime organised .
the 19 of october was rough at criminal the cadereyta presuntamente by chantajear with a half and half of heavyweights to the owners of casino network categories without mentioning , only permaneció comments hours in the reclusorio of existence security archive of writers threats of death in his chest .
pm authorities he video continue to trial internado in those cells municipal of san santa of the garza .
the 25 of october was asked cell order to aprehensión by the secretary of genocide second criminal the district , george yánez , anyone said that he almost two months of averiguaciones it comprobaron enough evidence to determine the assumed that jonás , such as the collection of 1.5 million in heavyweights to the conversation on the home of betting to change the cabin of operation of the same .
this monday , the administrators legal and casino network , prince aldo diego gómez , turned face of juzgador joseph luis pecina to apply the forgiveness for the brother of mayor regio categories for what he was wearing weeks hours could recover his freedom .
during the diligencia legal , the agent of ministry public adscrito at prisoner , ramiro guidance , cuestionó to diego gómez if they had repaired the damage and who are the partners of the house of betting was the fact otorgó the forgiveness , although the lawyer tried aside the name .
with basis at x 197 g 2011 it gives the forgiveness legal to jonás larrazábal and the thing sucesivo not able tell delivered some of graduate at process that was him dressed entirely correct the back yard was asked exigirá reparación of damage p punishment .
after the hearing at administrators legal and the white of betting , close to those 15 : 50 it ordered the immediate release of larrazabal bretón .
the secretary of genocide , george yánez , it went up to prison of prayer and san santa of the garza for customers to jonás that has been perdonado legally and his client will archivado .
also said notificará of the order of freedom immediate that advertisement for judge .
the secretary dionisio publishing jácome page details of ice air where lost the life of secretary of gobernación , francisco blake , and seven people more
the secretaría of communications and transport de sct de journal of the results onto on the ice where lost the life of secretary of gobernación , francisco blake mora , and seven people more , weekends to the helicopter was impactó of teaching direct about the ground in full integrity updated , without the use pilot publishing try a landing revenue .
during a conference of press , dionisio publishing jácome , secretary of communications and transport , jackson said before the strike of aeronave , the pilot error that women conditions of climate were held tone for duration .
&quot; the elements that seem browse the last unit had several contact with the ground , pm aspas pool contact with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the fuselaje &quot; .
also reported that the unit was sewn to 19 people , by what he had with the requerimientos fax to horses at personal .
addition , said that in those studies contract in the area of impact not be reporta the appearance of pieces of the ground .
&quot; in a search was credibility to do there pieces or components of the nave of another place , the impact it took a way updated .
&quot; the design of helicopter was to 19 passenger , statistics with requerimientos district for trasportar to the passenger .
the ground cool a knife in seven degrees to the 30 degrees of gradient .
by the time , the secretary reich is that a priority service with the results before options categories without mentioning , the research can diminish several months , even went toward a year .
by his side , gilberto oxide thomas , director general of airports and services junior , secured the least time of impact , the helicopter the state dvd band operaba in speed and cruise and that means deutsche in a field blando ascending .
&quot; this information suburbs of hipótesis of a operation normal for cruise at time of impact &quot; , reservation .
in the conference of press , the headline of the sct , publishing jácome , enumeró six core relevant in the research :
flight home :
accordance to the normatividad aeronautics the flight was completed under conditions rules of flight home , this means that the tripulación must account visibility during the flight and the ground .
conditions weather :
the reportes in the aicm ubicaban conditions associated at throw , accordance moving the aeronave towards the area f between the df and the state of mexico are letter drainage of nubosidad to low height .
routes seleccionadas :
is likely to go pm conditions of nubosidad the tripulación shipping buscada a area of lesser providing the largest visibility towards the valley of cuernavaca .
location of impact .
pm coordenadas of impact and the last register of the aeronave the radar employers , probably before the impact not hurt loss of control even breakdown in the background of flight .
dispersión of leftovers from the aeronave in a zone narrow :
the information available until the moment comment resulting from the impact june in a background straight and the side .
the patrón of dispersión of leftovers from the aeronave comment resulting from the helicopter was impactó in the field in conditions of integrity updated .
not be taken detected denver and fire or ecological :
in the siege of stories diet without revelarse evidencias in the rim of the nave of some kind of explosion or fire .
the past results of the research showed that could explain had multiple contact with the ground .
during the presentation of camp was made found pieces of the aeronave to a standard of 9 thousand 200 feet above the level environment of sea , the ground cool a knife to leave from the seven degrees until 30 degrees of gradient .
pm photo show the sequence of the american exporters are desarticuló to do over the engine verify .
the information provided elements that seem browse the world hawk could explain had multiple impactos in the field .
after the death search proper in a zone over broad that the site acordonado , around the accident , not be ignored found pieces pieces of the aeronave , what i suburbs of presumption of innocence in impact was presented in conditions of integrity updated .
mss con protocol for finding gene that obesity
christ the insurance social a research for logic of gin and the obesity in children and young republican available supported by specialists of ipn
the institute mexican side insurance social de imss de announced that christ a research for logic of gin and the obesity in children and young , pipeline protocol &apos; genetic of the obesity in the learning and the adolescence &apos; , that allow banks with marcadores curriculum at intake .
in a shadow , the head of the unit of study medical in bioquímica the hospital for especialidades the focus doctor national century century , miguel cross oxide , explained that it initiative a team multidisciplinario of medical , nurses , nutriólogos and female social .
said team headed supported by specialists and vocational and postgrado the institute national the health public advocate insp de and the focus of research and the studies advanced concepts cinvestav de the institute politécnico national de ipn de .
in the research was taught to participate at the population may or not derechohabiente , table to show units listing participants of imss in the valley of mexico , where they performed to carry weapons tests to the minors , all the lottery to date on those 8 : 00 hours .
skills that will protocol started in the unit integrating cuauhtémoc de state of mexico poniente de and that since the 8 of october , the activity was named to carry on the unit integrating nezahualcóyolt de state of mexico east de .
a time that they simply had succeeded in innovative to 500 or 600 age , the study included in the unit integrating independence de south of district federal de and finally in the unit integrating morelos de silva north korea district federal de .
explained that the purpose of this research is safe to components and the importance of the genetic with regard at developing a on obesity e identify the children and young mexican factors that risk for suicide in appearance of diseases chronic degenerativas .
at held this 14 of november of day world of the fat , precisó that the goal is innovative to three thousand children and young between six and 14 years of age , with the consent of supervision of their parents , for the implementation of cuestionarios specific about food .
also be cut preguntará on the activity physical and background heredofamiliares of diseases , with the purpose of avoid factors that risk is desencadenen padecimientos as diabetes or recurrent renal .
detalló that the lottery was cut rated at all the participants measurements antropométricas de weight , coach , circumference of cintura de , photos of pressure gauges , determination of the levels of glucosa , triglicéridos , colesterol e insulin and genetic test was search identify genes that are asocien to the obesity kids de .
cross oxide collector who this research spa to the concern of the professionals who were health by the alarming increase in weight in the minors .
&apos; pm surveys of health and 1999 and 2006 began to the nearby santa six years earlier he felt , in the case of the children , of 77 by display in obesity , and the women girls in 47 by display showed up terms of obesity also be observed a feudal dramatic &apos; , skills to surgeon the imss .
mark the last justification for the search for the marcadores it sustenta in the last population of country metabolism of other hand her story genetic .
journal of the average , the mexican has 65 by display of inheritance indian american , 30 by display european and asian by display earning and this condition was reflected in the genes that are associate at diabetes and aggressively to weight .
explained that the way general , the genetic and the obesity are arising in the inability of throwing the excess of energy that consumimos de drink de and that was stored in form of skin .
the female explained that the benefit concerts for the participants is the assessment contained in the children , what i meant explore whether hotels some degree of obesity trees obesity .
even , said , the presence of pliegues of red obscuro de acantosis de in port and antebrazo , that showed the likelihood of that padezca alteraciones metabólicas and until prediabetes .
the information they expose the way intelligence , the doctors were entregan by writing to the parents , to those used them explains each one of those measurements and the changes in the style of life that must perform for preventing disease .
cross oxide explained that there three components main that harm obesity , obesity and other padecimientos crónicos : the sedentarismo , that is the lack of activity physical visions , person to greater part of day desk front at video and use tools of transport in place of walking travel distances .
also be applied to the high ingesta calórica , is saying , the largest producer of excess azucaradas , of carbohidratos de tamales , bread , pizza , clones , etc de with high content in chocolate and chickens and the genetic that they represented the field protocol .
asphalt of the unam evitaría bumpy
raphael herrera , female and the faculty of chemistry at the unam , core asfaltos modified with polímeros for cooking a mixed with better ngo , regardless of those conditions environmental and the temperature
if those signals that echoes the pavimento admission receive , not supposed necessary reparar close to 200 thousand bumpy each season of dry in the area limerick the valley of mexico , warned raphael herrera nájera , female and the faculty of chemistry de fq de of the unam , anyone entering the whether the process of building and maintaining the one pavimento asfáltico is the right , the bumpy could diminish the amount or , even , disposed by complete .
in his conference a terrible waste of the bumpy , dictada in the context of year international the last chemistry , outlet to apply to the laboratory to his office core asfaltos modified with polímeros for cooking a mixed with little asking to show the asphalt , but with a greater resistance mechanics , both to top as to texas temperatures .
herrera nájera estimó that this kind of asfaltos modified could backfire in places where the woods is extremely hot , as some cities of north korea country , for improving their pocket and , by what both , the training of bumpy .
explained that the asphalt , the part more competing the oil , is a whole of moléculas of hidrocarburos , comments about high weight molecular , reviews asfaltenos , and other such low weight molecular , reviews maltenos , that korean you ride at pavimento your characteristic sun viscoelástico .
the sun viscoelástico the asphalt subscribe to the back top temperatures , close to the 180 degrees , it shipping as a liquid , to 120 degrees celsius your viscosidad is very high and bring 50 degrees celsius cool slightly state almost virtual , while the term temperatures below texas , the asphalt was store quebradizo , added .
what previous means that the women streets of resistance of asphalt not that uniform , but i was going constitutes during the day of deliberations with those conditions environmental and the temperature , warned the surgeon in engineering chemistry .
the female of the fq observed that women streets of the city of mexico in his most are covered by pavimento flexible , the larger set consists of six drainage of materials , of those subjects including latest three involucran at asphalt .
between those drainage more superficiales it happened to carpeta asfáltica , conformada by small stones bañadas in asphalt and then compactadas .
each one of those piedritas that x the carpeta , path , available bañada with asphalt .
at transitar the vehicle and generarse efforts , page allows you pm daniel was cold running well in the pavimento .
if they sold the asphalt amended it difundirían still better , optional on connecticut electronics .
on the carpeta asfáltica , abundó , it cart a decade layer upon carpeta of rodadura , the larger available initial of a material that stone dust , is saying , a bit of too were baña in asphalt .
as they loved the last ice that goes to be in contact with those llantas of the vehicle , must account more strength mechanics of the carpeta asfáltica and providing fricción in the way .
at be the part of pavimento that goes to jail and salvage the efforts , the carpeta of rodadura required , logo , account of thick archives and it must alternatively the material of the variance initial .
the woods , especially the moisture and women fixed on temperature , also are a factor very important to consider , in particular the water , said , because affects significantly in ngo that the carpeta asfáltica .
when the ground was humedece , the water was connects the world inside the school carpeta and is difficult to stimulate , this increased a reblandecimiento of all those drainage of pavimento and , by what both , the training of bumpy .
in the process of making the one bache , said , the first in desgastarse is the film is rodamiento and only after they affect the carpeta asfáltica , but the damage not happening instantáneamente , but i is a process that should atenderse to show trials signals with exceptionally programmes in maintaining .
the kitchen member of system national the researchers explained that the burden vehicular is another factor important in the training of bumpy and , by keeping , the thick of each one of those drainage of pavimento must go always in relation with the burden vehicular and ensure that they simply , for preventing the edge train bumpy emotionally .
raphael herrera warned that still needs much of factors and work on the asphalt , by example , pm emulsiones asfálticas , that the other countries already been burned even in the market and sees reparar the bumpy with ease and without need of use rates temperatures .
¿ what he knowingly at the cresson the valley for be the new señorita columbia ?
analysis of the factors that incidieron for the melina ramírez serna not alcanzara the crown of señorita columbia .
the valley weekly your title number 14 of princess .
of new of valley of cauca it remains with those cork in the crown of señorita columbia .
this time melina ramírez serna it took to shaping with varying in the podio of ganadoras , lucir the crown of silver and the band that was acreditan as new princess of columbia .
with the result mail anoche in cartagena , where the señorita atlantic was alzó with the crown and the cetro , the department began sum 14 titles of princess and melina it a go of karl of women vallecaucanas that have happened around the turn nickel but i love proclamas princesas between them laura ospina benoit de 1947 de , clear domínguez borrero de 1949 de , knee bellini ayala de 1979 de , daewoo designer de 1981 de , rose mary alzate de 1983 de , olga cowardly arenas de 1987 de , leila blanque de 1988 de , mónica evers de 1989 de , cowardly consuela pinedo de 1990 de , diana isabel romero de 1993 de , giselle garcés aljure de 2000 de , catalina giraldo de 2007 de , stephanie garcés aljure de 2008 de .
today the great question that many were doing it ¿ what knowingly ?
because the outcome represents the defeat of a large favorita that the individual presentation framed by her hair all for joining the new señorita columbia , not in vain was elected dominated by the police and better jungle jolie and vogue , titles that tools reinas as taliana vargas or natalia navarro anyone was conducted in nickel of señorita columbia .
the first factor that they considered key in the decision to suspend the jury to designarla first princess assurance that the no convenció with his answer to the question &quot; ¿ what is hot book that you did ce to speak and by what ? initial by martín murillo gómez , of the carreta literaria leamos .
at interrrogante the vallecaucana respond :
&quot; read much , think quite a on literature , think that is a form of culturalizarse , definitely think that the book that i scene of childhood is &quot; the principito &quot; , is a book quite ending .
currently read &quot; crime and punishment &quot; , is a book about literature universal to all we read categories and today in today am read the book of irene nemirovski , a russian , a book hermosísimo that they burn &quot; the ardor of the blood &quot; &quot; .
a response to little pleased first by the term &quot; culturalizarse &quot; and second by no explain the way specific to what occurred each one of the books that citó the been revealed .
but at chapters of ceremony melina courses proud relaxed and happy with the result &quot; the universe is sabio running what i intend to pass .
and for teachers to people , by please read a poquito , &quot; the principito &quot; is a great book &quot;
between those hipótesis date was told that they valley of quemó the favoritismo .
a journalist bogotano insinuó that at be the corporation , the ovacionada and the mayor of being moved all the prizes preliminary de challenge of gastronomía oster , vote of public by the best suit notions , and harmonious mother felt , &quot; that conversations were celos of those other cities , estresó to the chaos and by that no brilló in the scene &quot; .
and that was notó in his first presentation of suit of toilet in the hot oil hilton and their two desfiles in the musical and coronación .
although the two lució safe , it notó that he gene that force and the momentum that women representatives of magdalena and atlantic yes valley .
ariel osorio , journalist of programme &quot; as the home &quot; , the channel rcn optional for the fact that he melina outside posted princess &quot; clearance to the mayor of more prizes winning over the contest not go as one-sided &quot; .
addition , valley was prepared to do last very esquiva with the press , and hence are equivocó .
another hipótesis is that valley not decree yahoo at jury on his interest towards the job social , that is the latest , the essence of beauty national the beauty .
by something , two days before the turn choice of jury international lucy doughty courses that they buscaban a woman comprometida with those needs social and his pais .
&quot; the beauty voice not enough to an miss columbia , there is really red beyond the fence check and partly in his sensitivity social , that before the ring at contest jazz already involucradas in projects &quot; , explained .
also be especula that valley pecó by their flaws in the derriere and the fibrosis that they asked notaba in his abdomen , but somehow masters web indian the jury is elected as the mayor &apos; beauty natural &apos; with the body over healthy , good food and shelter check responsible .
the preparador of reinas george hernán orozco courtesy of melina not had the best body , that had better , &quot; but his smile was fibrosis in the abdomen , that the truth for my t was very notoria , you pulled points in the last day &quot; .
between both of journalist humour hoyos , of the magazine cromos viewed as the mistake of the vallecaucana were held info quirúrgicas that they practicó .
&quot; pm cirugías are well , but valley not be held rape do .
your body never was his strong and here it is cobraron &quot; .
by this prize , that by first time delivery of beauty national the last beauty , after the parade of suit of toilet silly a row vaticinio that anoche it register , web was preoccupied with this was the contentillo that raymundo you concedía to melina for not criticize the lived in the crown .
reality or not , what counts is the melina since today starts a year of reinado , not as sovereign , but as princess , position that he offered to catch up driver to colombia in one of the certámenes international by registry of himself beauty national .
without mentioning , she examined her to history as a way pm reinas that they spread out his arrollador step by cartagena , you was esquiva the crown .
so was the promise of caleño that lighthouse on cadáver of alfonso cano
a lofoscopista of cali institute at the history as the man who confirmed that death is &quot; alfonso cano &quot; .
the job of these officials is key .
the past 4 of november a lofoscopista the cti of cali institute at the history as the man who confirmed that identity of maximum leader of those farc : &quot; alfonso cano &quot; , to via the cotejo of their fingerprints digital .
of the seven lofoscopistas that laboran in the seccional the cti , photo week he tocaba the screen of &quot; availability &quot; to eliazar carlos , a man of port tejada that she 21 years working in the area of research demonstrating .
at bay your career , carlos worked in municipalities of resistance , where many times had he internarse by more than five days in the jungle to get at website at the back were the bottom of literature be identified .
in the 2000 it went to the capital of valley and , then the following the courses appropriate , it especializó in lofoscopia , that is the study of the skin of fricción , is saying , of those palmas of those hands and knees to toe .
the week of operational against alias alfonso cano to eliazar you underlying the murders clothes minimum order three days .
something larger you wanted .
the friday at the night went to the cauca in a helicopter from palmira .
did you mention identify two unidentified and that was sospechaba that one of them was the man who robert to the guerrilla more ancient the world , by what he likes sleep that junior the card decadactilar of psychologist lion sáenz de your real name de .
without mentioning , when came with the team of research at website at the back down cell in cadáver not what containing by his side check , web was very different style of had seen in the media and communications .
was certainly barba , clothing as a peasant in the area , without glasses and much more slip .
but those prints not mienten .
recreational and a lupa galtoniana , ink , a transplantador and a linterna , eliazar comparó pm wholesale prints of cadáver with those of the card .
your eye not allowed falló : was &quot; alfonso cano &quot; .
photo gallery night , the man oriundo of port tejada was the card from confirmarle at minister of defense , john carlos pinzón , that yes it was the maximum leader of those farc .
in search of the gore
for a dactiloscopista of the sijín of cali the recognition that did the president john manuel timothy to eliazar carlos , in the wheel of press for the operational against &quot; cano &quot; , is very significant .
fast people do gifts our hearts .
the dactiloscopia is a science accurate , without room for error , that can get to be key to the resolution of crimes .
apart from the identification of basra , the lofoscopistas exhaust research by crime as hurto and andrew and chicago to identity of those people capturadas .
when they dover , many criminals hotels cédulas sunglasses or not they arrived .
us they take the impression dactilar and the diversified into the base of data .
the female counted on , in a case of hurto , you tocó signatures a chunk of rock and a white , web of appeals place in ethnicity had supported his hand to get a box mail full of joyas and money .
&quot; pm walls are difficult because it suggests wet apropiadas for cash a impression dactilar , but in conjunction case knew obtain the gore is absolutely the bag e identify at certificates , that had participated in different hurtos &quot; , reminded .
pm prints also can tell whether reaffirm suspected of cases of andrew .
ago little balls to a man died , with bottles of licor to his around .
by half a on research was determinó that a family could be suspicious of crime and , photo , a al in the bottle coincidía .
although this does shopping for anyone been the murderer , yes what ubica in the scene of crime .
a dactiloscopista the cti explained that the students items &quot; pm prints were sacan with reactivos chemical or physical &quot; .
when copies , it used a transplantador or cut to levantarlas .
then the dog , pm wholesale are flown to the asif , that is the basis of data delincuencial , or to the registraduría .
&quot; the problem is that still needs many columbians mill &quot; , mark the expert the cti .
aclaró that no particular is as it shows in the program is television csi .
so as not all what i addis is golden , not all what i was innocent bystanders store al .
without mentioning , if may be usada , if they hunt for cotejo dynamic .
the &quot; indignados &quot; defy to authorities in new york
hill to protesters were guests face of square zuccotti for acampar .
a great part atendió the order of desalojo and it went to a paruqe near .
the elite of movement index fell journal desafiaron this tuesday to show authorities in new york at try to enter the new , under the darkness of a burning features , to the square of manhattan and where were desalojados of brave and at try to hold another park in the great manzana .
hill to protesters were guests face of square zuccotti , where wanted access thanks to a order features that allows them to &quot; indignados &quot; return to acampar in the first , while the other hand the movement respond at desalojo posts a park more at north of the city , where did bill new wave .
&quot; our idea is that , if the court did we teach return to acampar in the square , us going to installing the crash another place and continuaremos the battle legal by return to zuccotti , so as to show the kitchen and demonstrations saint &quot; , said one of the speakers of movement &quot; index fell journal &quot; , jason bray .
bray detalló that the answer to the &quot; indignados &quot; at desalojo of his camp partly personally by the mayor of new york , michael bloomberg , came up to sue , where the jueza lucy billings advertisement a order to prohibía the evacuation forzosa the place and setting up the demonstrators to ascertain acampados .
addition , the &quot; indignados &quot; procedieron to the occupation of a new park prayer in the confluencia of those céntricas channel journal and the sexta avenida , very close to the entrance at tunnel holland , that n new york and new jersey , and property of the church of trinity church .
at least during a time intruder posts in place , but after the police turned and romanians to stop it some of the demonstrators , although bray not be confirmed by figure specific , while secured to efe that l to several journalists who were also esposados .
the organization symbols that are several hill to people involved in it had installed in conjunction point , where already been taken desplazado a delegation of leaders religious in shape of support from the elite of movement and the has dealt with mediar with the police .
between both , the square zuccotti -que is a recinto of property privada- still closed to the waiting for the celebration of a view features include for this same tuesday in the back down must library of legality of the evacuation of this morning .
some of the demonstrators posting date there portaban and repartían to these hours copies of iraqi order features e even those entregaban to the players who custodiaban the square , what i saw &quot; some small breaking &quot; , mark bray , anyone bossi that some official propinaron reporter who are injured .
the order features heated through those authorities desalojar to the states of nine journal journal or applying &quot; laws that are publicaron after the fact mismanage the occupation or hunting to the protesters access to new album park with shops trees other properties that weakness previously &quot; .
the mayor bloomberg mark frost on press that , due to carry order features , the city had ceased to reapertura the space at public and to the protesters , to the back alerted , without mentioning , that women laws local not offer comment back to installing with shops and campaign and medication for sleep .
the regidor recommended personally the desalojo workshop to carry out morning of the square zuccotti , a operation in the back down romanians to confirm the 200 arrests and that was decided because of demonstrators were &quot; frequent the law &quot; .
bloomberg explained that gave the order of evacuar the square because view it was becoming &quot; in a place in the back roads people do venÍan to protest , but i respect those laws and , in some cases , to make damage to other people &quot; , already have &quot; some business habÍan received threats &quot; and the neighbours temÍan &quot; by his quality of life &quot; .
&quot; the desalojo of this morning was asqueroso and shows that the american fund bloomberg available over interested in preserving the interests financial that the way to workers mortgage &quot; , added to spokesman the movement , anyone rating at mayor of &quot; faltar the respect to the freedom of expression &quot; .
the responsibility of &quot; index fell journal &quot; indicaron also be born hosting &quot; big action &quot; for the thursday in collaboration with organizations bone and unions , for viewers to two months to bladder pm protests , that tools to 17 of september .
pamela anderson will be prompted cowardly to a special navideño of television
along to michael bublé and other leading canadian , birds in the program is television &quot; see &apos; lloyd to russell peters christmas &quot; the next 1 of december
the canadian pamela anderson has been the assistant to tim allen in &quot; home improvement &quot; , socorrista in &quot; baywatch &quot; , conejita of &quot; playboy &quot; , the wife of musician and roll tommy lee and now , the actress and model will be prompted cowardly to a special on christmas in the television canadian .
the channel private the tv ctv announced today that anderson , along with the &quot; crooner &quot; de baladista de michael bublé and other leading canadian , birds in the program is television &quot; see &apos; lloyd to russell peters christmas &quot; the next 1 of december giving life to a very particular prompted cowardly .
ctv distribuyó today pictures of programme of television in those who anderson , also known by the broad distribution of internet use a video casero pornographic in the back n along with his audience photograph , the battery of &quot; mötley crüe &quot; , tommy lee , n vestida as the desecration cowardly quo in a pesebre a muñeco that represents to jesus .
in the scene , peters , a well-known cómico canadian and sister indian who recently actuó as presentador in part to the entire &quot; accounting violent torpedo editor truth &quot; of charlie sheen , n as joseph .
addition to anderson and hans , the special navideño of ctv account with the singer canadian bublé , that they end up march was married to good buenos with the model argentina luisana lopilato , and that no one element to the controversy .
recently , bublé ambulance &quot; zorra &quot; to the american kim kardashian during one of his concerts in new york .
japan renace after the earthquake
the gdp growth a 1,5 cent thanks at intake goals and puts end to the spiral of caídas that set in march
since the last month of march of economics japanese were watching paralysed , still convaleciente by the fire earthquake that addendum to a crisis nuclear , the worst disaster that padeció the country nipón since the onset war ii .
pm headlines estimates of government in tokio cifraron pm loss materials in 300.000 million in dollars , a coup that , despite at difficult context world , seems subjects atenuado .
after the three quarters consecutivos of caídas , the biblical the product internal gross between july and september video for pain page , definitely : the gdp was incrementó a 1,5 cent in comparison with the accelerator previous and a 6 cent in rate anualizada .
the texas in the second quarter - for the japanese , the year tax begins in march of 2012 - supposed , addition , the largest pace of growth since the beginning of january to march in 2010 .
the recovery was explained , in part , by the repunte of the shopping for machinery for suspended pm areas asoladas by the seísmo and the display tsunami .
of fact , pm companies rose your investments in a 1,1 cent , front at drop of 0,9 cent in expenses of capital that they observed the january to march , the first positions after the six months of startling ininterrumpidas .
without mentioning , the real revulsivo of the economy japanese not be based solely on the momentum brian had taught her advantage pm crisis for strengthening - or rebuild - pm infrastructure , servirse of those involving for grow from scratch .
japan has foul , on all , thanks to the evolution of consumption goals , that the police currently represents the 60 cent of gdp japonés .
this evolution escaló a 1 cent , empujada by the rising cost spending in vehicles , travel and activities of leisure .
the stigma of yen
tokio it has encomendado at market internal , when the yen - the currency nipona - it has become a federal grand the &quot; values shelter &quot; escogidos by the blood that fleeing from the crisis of debt to the area euro and women shady g of ee.uu. , a privilege that facilitates as a losa in those accounts of those companies exportadoras .
with a join more severe , the products cluster more expensive in the student , a smile reverse order a country whose line is flotación economic next piece by the health of the big groups itc .
toyota or sony , by example , achacaron your weaknesses results between july and september to the abyss of yen .
while the average annual with his asedio to the countries troubled by the eu , the government of yoshihiko noda not sick of sleep .
&quot; there is genuine vigilant to the risks that flow , as the loss of some economies foreign , the impact of those wet and thailand and the rapid opinion of yen &quot; , collector yesterday in secretary of state for political economic , motohisa furukawa .
and , in effect , pm prospects not surprising maryland .
the organization for the cameras and the development economic de oecd de precisó that the majority of the countries member careers in september sign over nítidos of realm economic .
the indicator of anticipa the points of ancient times to economy world order to expand the women main powers were doing frenando .
already have pulled four décimas date of 100,4 points , front to the 100,8 of august .
the area euro , even , it situó by below the poverty rate , that they engaged in the level 100 , at precipitarse eight décimas date of 99,13 points .
athens store to jam pm parking
papadimos says that it aprobarán the adjustments , but the conservative not firmarán any compromise writing
with those respondents who reported peripheral disparadas and the uncertainty reinstalada in the parqués , greece still enredando in the laberinto that leads towards the exit of the great crisis of debt european .
the feeling of being the &quot; consensus &quot; the new government of transition heleno next more tax by those demands of brussels to go a genuine convincing the women seeking political begins to permanently with facts .
while the new prime minister , lukas papadimos , advertía yesterday that it needs alternative to show reforms structural and that the period of hundred days fees in his registry perhaps it hanging short order tools , the leader of party conservative new democracy , antonis samaras , aseguraba that no respaldará new measures to austerity of any case and reiteró your requirements of new elections for the date back , the 19 of february .
&quot; the main task of this government is moving pictures decisions about the summit of 26 of october &quot; , aseveró papadimos at opening night a debate picked up culminate morning with a vote of confidence at new executive .
a package with 24 programmes for low-income the job , the reform of code refunded of the officers and new mexico against the revenues tax will show trials initiatives .
without mentioning , the message of samaras not despeja pm parking on his position : &quot; us have committed to helping at government of transition , but not happy we committed to do more &quot; .
the leader conservative voters a pasito more miles of its pulso to the eu and the imf , the bodies of california desbloquear the 8.000 million to athens needs with urgent , and stopped dead in no sign his name good to any letter from file of compliance with the adjustments .
but the commission european , escocida still ahead on impact shipping for the órdago the referendum on papandreu , reiteró yesterday that his foster is firm : not desbloqueará the help if the new government and the leaders of the main parties helenos not firman &quot; a commitment writing without ambiguity and what appeared possible &quot; .
the spokesman for foreign economic , amadeu altafaj , explained that the inspectors are the troika regresarán &quot; very soon &quot; to athens for discussing with the new government &quot; what i was needed for pay for sixth instalment &quot; of 8.000 million , although neither there date final .
the madeja greek temple has edge to pink .
lazy sofia : &quot; are instruments for the progress and the hope &quot;
the chaos users of place &quot; preponderante &quot; of spain in relation to this kind of finance
spain &quot; has reached a place preponderante to level ii in the paper and the microfinanzas &quot; .
the chaos lazy sofia reminded yesterday that the country was has become a these two decades decades in the second biggest of aging in relation to this intrumento of cooperation , whose &quot; book &quot; collector who assurance that be a &quot; instrument for the progress social , the justice and the hope of a future best for teachers to humanity , based on the confidence in the belief body &quot; .
the chaos site yesterday in v summit world of microcredit in valladolid with the convincing the back &quot; not there certainly &quot; of the bush type of surgery are &quot; absolutely offers &quot; for achieving the goals of millennium code for nations un with horizon 2015 , and , &quot; very especially , in started to prove as target of controlling to the half of volume of people who live with income below to a dolar file , with the american who was season in &quot; threshold of poverty &quot; .
spain &quot; still working &quot; for expanding the network of beneficiaries &quot; to all the corners of planet , and moderating this task with &quot; responsibility &quot; , collector lazy sofia , that expectation that women initiatives and contributions to be originen in the summit , that they prolongará date of thursday , &quot; retailers to create a new musical and best opportunities for the most poor , and on all for those women &quot; , main charity of these loans .
are &quot; many of achievements inhabited &quot; and &quot; many of challenges to the back we faced &quot; .
the summit of microcredit it begs not only as a forum for discussion , but also as the platform from which he admitted &quot; two metas clothing &quot; .
so , your majestad explained that it feminism to be at end of 2015 design 175 the millions of families poor that looked accedido to these services financial and that kept million in taxes homes record of pain and poverty in the back are ragamuffin .
the impetus for the conception of the microcréditos in spain and the rest rest of world &quot; has followed the path generated ago years of struggling pioneer &quot; by muhammad yunus , resalto lazy sofia as a &quot; act of justice and recognition because &quot; .
and is that described at father of this tool as a &quot; idealista admirable in the distance universal and the struggle against the poverty &quot; , whose work gifts from ago 15 years , when the chaos louis to bangladesh to apply on the ground his political and loans .
to this experience he nassau a year later tonight on first summit world in washington and other sports as the celebrados in santa of ivory in 1999 , canada 2006 , and &quot; in all i understand federal the native evolution &quot; , explained his majestad , whose link with this project he tactical yesterday in calificativo of the &quot; head of family &quot; congregada in valladolid by side of &quot; baquero of the poor &quot; .
finally , the chaos lazy sofia completed his speech animando to the present to participate in the debate and the last search of work for move in the fight against the poverty .
&quot; imperativo relativism &quot;
the actress who affairs minister , trinidad jiménez , warned that the solidarity &quot; is a imperativo relativism &quot; for all state democratic .
in this sense , acute that would bring error street in front with paises in ways that development to épocas of bonanza economic , already have it a &quot; duty permanent &quot; .
jiménez fun to have microcréditos excessive &quot; a political surgery and thorough dedicada to eradicate the poverty &quot; , and now &quot; more than ever &quot; the governments of countries developed must work under criteria for solidarity and not let it stands may victim of the cuts .
for spain , the microcredit subscribe to &quot; a from those main lines of cooperation at developing &quot; .
by his side , the senate and state of cooperation international , soraya rodríguez , aplaudió &quot; the success &quot; of varying &quot; trust &quot; to show people &quot; oppressed to those all theirs pm doors &quot; categories and the mayor of valladolid , francisco javier lion of the riva , outlet for gallery to the present to a city that &quot; window your doors contagiada the spirit bild &quot; .
the badge proposed choose at president european by flop universal
the first day of congress to the union cristiano-demócrata de badge de , the monday 14 of november , in leipzig , has passed without major difficulties for angela merkel , chancellor and appreciation of party cristiano-demócrata .
pm not be counted including the use order of day for future of europe , but the issue was imposed in autumn , in particular for satisfy her to unleash the devil is in politics of government is currently too little tighter with the greeks and could broker in a future with the italians .
the motion on the presidency of the committee gave , proposal for the direction , it passed virtually by unanimous .
of the 1.001 delegates , so just been registered nine votes in combat and ten abstenciones .
the standing ovation from several minutes to set ganaron , with their speeches , angela merkel and , after several hours , wolfgang schäuble , the eurófilo minister of finance , despejan any doubt possible .
the idea key to the chancellor , and the last motion , it short of a late : the answer to the crisis &quot; not that less europe , but more europe &quot; .
not only because europe supposed to peace , but also because &quot; nine million in lost depend directly of euro &quot; .
for the chancellor , &quot; has come to depend on opening track in europe &quot; .
this could practically in cooperative of treaty of lisbon for allowing strengthen the control of the union european on those policies lines of the countries of the area of euro , although also could desembocar in the election of barack of the committee gave by flop universal for &quot; pat a slap at europe &quot; .
in all case , photo is a way pm proposals to the motion adopted by the congress , clearly idea of wolfgang schäuble .
without doubt , hard little likely to have moving wait quickly to a settlement on this change radically : great britain was desperate bid face him and the leaders of the badge seem know that nicolas sarkozy also .
but the ball being on the ground .
by another side , the delegates have rejected by a majority won the award of ponderar the weight of each country to the directive of bank central bank of function of art in each economy , what went wrong reforzaría the weight of germany .
ansiosa by calmar the unified field of internal and his party , the chancellor has grown women references to konrad adenauer and helmut kohl . but neither is it surprising tried harder to his congressional to coast and the &quot; small &quot; countries privacy or the ones countries in jordan prepared to criticism from the arrogant germany .
although the motion on europe spins a paragraph from the importance of &quot; the friendship franco-alemana &quot; , angela merkel not been mentado to france .
except for last .
ad that , ago two centuries , it resulted a bloody battle in leipzig .
of fact , was a way pm derrotas more humiliating for the army of napoleon .
the impact of fraud in those low by disease
after the benefits , the ump and the government emprenden a rebel against women texas by disease .
nicolas sarkozy study of tuesday 15 of november in bordeaux for visiting a box responsible for the benefits family and soft a speech on the subject , already recurring since 2007 , of the struggle against the fraud social and the ayudantía .
addition , for lots such attack , that part of the nation from save the way properties , but still so reminds her a backbone of the campaign band of right-wing , the most dangerous practices in those low by disease .
in first place , for applying cuts update : the government provides impose upon the workers of entertainment private an enlightened day of breast before the power usage of low .
in orbit , except that exists a convention of company specific , a worker who caiga ill lose four days of wage , is saying , a minimum of 15 cent of their income dm .
it about the one measure of establishing feet a wave of ira , but i portion save 280 million in eur , according them echos .
addition , choose accompanied by another measure with a terrible than symbolic : impose upon the officers a day of breast without educational in case of low wages de mars is time , not they breast , front to the three days to be apply to the post private de .
while they debaten these issues , the most store to get on the table equally to discuss the fraud , this time looking straight to abuse the women texas labour .
&quot; van to incrementarse significantly from controls and , addition , if they discover to someone planned a fraud , left reembolsar pm cuantías &quot; , warned xavier bertrand talking about the rtl the sunday 13 of november .
at fault for the students other cases , the effects of announcement seem slightly desproporcionados for the reality of fraud in japan and low wage .
of fact , since 2002 it lightly beaten up constant in this issue and it made discontinued various web policies that , usually , have given saga .
the french do enferman more than a child rest of europe .
handed with attention , in first place , pm figures national .
according to institute french and the security social de cnam de , in 2006 it abonaron more than 237 million in eur in low by texas labour .
according to institute french and research and background of economics at the health , the benefits for those low representaron , in 2008 , the 5 cent of spending health , ascendiendo to 11.300 million in eur .
of this sum , the 46 cent guide to show low by parental and by accident labour , while the rest 54 cent available related with those low by disease , figure out total to 6.200 million in eur .
by switching , the 2,5 cent of spending in health .
in 2010 , the french have cogido a dozen of 14,5 days of low wages , front to 17,8 in 2009 , according a study of group soul consulting .
a dozen of , without doubt , shopping deficits : another survey , page in 2007 by the syrian and management professional monster.com , mostraba that the 75 cent of the 40.000 employed french encuestados rushing to do posted cogido p a only day of low by disease .
another study , in this case the last assurance maladie , advice that i 2010 the 37 cent of those low by disease pool a long-term outlook to 8 days , the 22 cent of among 8 and 14 days , the 15 cent of among 15 days and a month , the 15 cent of among one of three months and the 11 cent were more extended .
if the florida with our neighbours privacy , the workers french not realize more propensos that the other areas to catch texas by disease .
a long study conducted in 2010 by two researchers of cnrs warning that , between 1994 and 2001 , the rate of absence global trade work de luca by reasons for health as a producer type de oscilaba , in france , between the 10 cent and the 11 cent , front to a 20 cent and a 28 cent in denmark , a 15 cent in uk uk or between a 16 cent and a 18 cent in the netherlands low .
the fraud in those low by disease not easy especially significant in comparison with the work does taylor .
the fraud has a terrible quite limited .
the cargo of the legislation , since 2002 , has caused the students controls the women texas by disease and more than 45 days ahead sistemáticos .
in 2008 , of 1,5 million in inspections , the cnam comprobó , in a 13 cent of the 285.000 toward , that women texas and falls duration pm &quot; gaps or too low &quot; , is saying , 37.050 cases .
in the case of women texas and more than 45 days , untreated to inspections sistemáticas , it suddenly i was 11 cent of the cases were &quot; checked adaptados or injustificados categories a figure that , taking as starting a total of 1,2 million , total to 132.000 .
by switching , it stands a total of 169.000 cases &quot; injustificados &quot; between several million in damages to cogieron a low by disease .
without doubt , a figure minor in comparison , by example , with the work of black .
according to former of the ump dominique tian , author of a report on this issue in june , video practice disregard comments loss of income tax on between 9.000 and 15.000 million in eur at year , is saying , more than the cost total of the benefits for texas and , without doubt , significantly more than the fraud in this last area .
papadémos : greece left guard a new plan to adjust
greece going to cartel a new plan to adjust to getting his wallet .
this is what i declared the monday 14 of november , the first prime lucas papadémos face at cape categories added benefit of the sample days that were made granted to his government would union not bastarían for achieving such goal .
&quot; for repairs efforts to bring to the recovery of the economy , need to support the degree partners privacy and a new program of adjustment collection &quot; , declared the head of government , that pronunciaba your first speech public during the opening of debate about the vote in confidence at cape the wednesday .
the execution of those decisions taken during the summit of the area of euro is 27 of october will be &quot; main task &quot; the new government , cook it &quot; available in game &quot; the permanencia the country in the area of euro , added .
in consequence , papadémos has scheduled a on deficit spending the country was temperature &quot; date around the 9 cent &quot; the gdp before the end of year , after reaching a 10,6 cent in 2010 and a 15,7 cent in 2009 .
the right word new measures to austerity
antonis samaras , the head of group of right-wing , cookies in monday your support to families measures passed regulatory for try out of the crisis of the debt , but has announced that his party does it comprometerá with measures of austerity additional .
&quot; not acknowledge the support of new measures &quot; , workshop during a meeting with the members of his party &quot; new democracy &quot; .
collector who was the agreement with the objectives of controlling the deficit and the last debt , so as to fight against the funded , but in combat in any political that manhattan in recovery economic .
to olli rehn , commissioner european and quiet economic and monetary , that warned of the world imf and the eu not desbloquearían the loan of 8.000 million in eur necessary without a guarantee written the support of all the parties to show respect relevant , antonio samaras has responded to his word would suffice to say no firmaría nothing to cause of the pressure external .
a panel of experts claim that must legalizarse the abortion and the suicide attended
the canadian dollar writes the death , according advice on report of the society real of canada
in japan and care clinics , the committee researched the students governments , pm institutions of care care and the doctors colaboren for ensuring the best care clinics , and not just in the cases of cancer .
the society canadian dollar writes the death .
of fact , so just 9 cent of the canadian available ready to talk with her doctor about women conditions in which focuses die and leave provisions to win effect .
it about the one that causes conclusions about a tremendous report of the society real of canada , that counted with the participation of six experts in various fields , including the relativism , the legal and the doctor .
this committee recommends at government that coordinate the code criminal the way that they enable the suicide attended and the implicit , when the patient was aging video option and has been accused competent to make the decision .
for start , the experts citan a survey recent a on economist intelligence unit that comparó the quality of the death of 40 countries of world .
although canada index of tenth cook , the study com for &quot; the medicalización of the death of canada has led a culture in the back roads people they fear of treat the subject of the death &quot; .
with medication or not , the 77 cent of the canadian not they access to care clinics , according weekends to experts selected by the society real of canada .
and , to spread the back of most of the canadian woman die in home , the 68,6 cent of them just falleciendo in the hospital .
in whole , the rate than high in this sense of northeast québec , where a 86 cent of those deaths were delayed in the hospital .
in what flow at sensitive issue of the abortion and gay suicide attended , the authors of report came out onto conclusions that no employers with the position of government federal , that already has declared that it wants frames of code criminal in relation with the abortion and the suicide attended .
without mentioning , according to experts , that also have studied the picture in all the countries where bill practices have been legalizadas or not constitute a crime criminal , not there any evidence of that is done in the no restrictions surgery a crime criminal not been caused a abuse of his application , is saying , the spatial and the implicit or the suicide attended with people do competent or that it anyway given her consent .
jocelyn downie , coautora the report , mode yesterday by teleconferencia that , at opposite , it observaban more alive than those countries where there were dozens assisted by abortion even the suicide attended .
&quot; in canada were features of abortion , although it clearly illegal &quot; .
&quot; in canada were features of suicide attended , although it clearly illegal &quot; , explains jocelyn downie .
the canadian , investing to the abortion
remember that the 85 cent of the canadian study found guilty essentially to please the last euthanasia , cook it afghan that portion to show people whose death suit next alleviate their suffering , according advice a survey of angus reid survey of 2010 .
addition , the 66 cent believes that the fact that lions in abortion not unique to understand that the life of those people elderly or abortion has less value .
in economics from those people who have practicado the suicide attended , the 41 cent of the encuestados relative to do calendar cartoon a process against them .
in relation with the momentum or termination of the county health to a patient , the situation does happen so clear , according weekends to authors of report .
addition , between their recommendations projections that they footprint in the code criminal who is withdrawal of the care health , if they have turned legally , not supposed a crime criminal .
the committee of experts calls logo that they forme to the professionals health in the trees and respect for teaching the back a patient compliance of care at final the whole life without fear to jail to a wash .
in japan and care clinics , the committee researched the students governments , pm institutions of care care and the doctors colaboren for ensuring the best care clinics , and not just in the cases of cancer .
by last , in relation with the tiger egf or terminal , that already been used extensamente in those institutions beach in canada , the committee room that , except that promotes for reducing the pain check , it basic as abortion and it enabled to the writer procedures .
other experts manifiestan reservations
other experts the area of law and health study have expressed their reservations in relation with those conclusions of report of the experts in the society real of canada .
pierre deschamps , surgeon in right away that health , has described the &quot; extreme &quot; the position of the experts who firman the report , between other things because it was limited to practice of the abortion to the sick in phase terminal .
&quot; this leaves the door open to a situation in the back someone who loves cansado of living and may further from 18 years can call help to multiple &quot; , com deschamps , that consultó yesterday a short of report .
the president deschamps users also be the authors of report seem give priority to the autonomy personal on any other sunday at the society .
now well , add to &quot; in society , there labels and limitations &quot; .
the surgeon in right away that health margaret somerville also expressed his &quot; mail opposition &quot; with regard to those conclusions of report , that stupid to &quot; data to support the cause euthanasia &quot; .
margaret somerville , that also owns to the society real of canada , version of integrity of trial especially the lack of abuse in certain countries where the abortion and the suicide attended are judged , as the ones countries low and the oregón .
the king of jordan applicant at president of asad to leave the power
damascus reporting a &quot; plot &quot;
syria available every time than observations
the partisanos of bachar the asad it signals yesterday face of building the ministry of foreign affairs .
yesterday was intensified the pressure diplomatic on the syria and bachar the asad that , with the support of russia , the resiste and wash it exists a &quot; plot &quot; against the country .
two days after the death suspension of syria for part of the league Árabe , the union european has strengthened pm sanctions against damascus , while the turkey and jordan , vecinas of syria , it have expressed concerns please the dignified the power by the president asad .
the king abdullah ii of jordan was yesterday in first leading arab that asked at president bachar the asad that &quot; nationwide in power &quot; in syria , where already have died a cuarentena of civilians and the members of various forces of regime .
&quot; if bachar really been concerned by his country , should resign , addition to creating conditions conditions necessary for a new phase of the life policy syria &quot; , workshop on king of jordan , country neighbour of syria , in a interview for the bbc .
by his side , the head of the actors turkish , ahmet davutoglu , has shooting that the efforts of mediation of faith royal turkey from early on year with the regime syrian australian cheap in a failure .
&quot; those not ready to peace in the middle east with their peoples and not able satisfacerles , partirán &quot; , declared excuses to syria , country neighbour with regard at home turkey available introducing a position each time than test .
by his side , after pm decisions about the league Árabe and the last union european , the united states have taken that they enjoyed &quot; tiger in consensus against asad and women actions of regime &quot; syrian .
&quot; the community international , the united states , the eu , the league Árabe and other countries , as turkey , are introducing a tone each time than hard &quot; with regard to the suppression of syria , com jason toner , spokesman the department of state .
while both , already have lost the life 16 civil and at least 19 member of those forces of regime in the region of deraa , in the south of syria , according has announced the observatory syrian and the rights violations de osdh de .
other two civilians have died &quot; during bombing and tiroteos with rifles artillery in jobar &quot; in the city asediada of homs , according advice video ngos .
during a narrow the press , the minister syrian and quiet external , walid at mualem , viewed by their side of the country &quot; moving towards the end of the crisis &quot; .
addition , has reacted strongly face of decision making in league Árabe of electoral to damascus and their duties , what went on his opinion piece &quot; a step dangerous &quot; .
syria &quot; not flaqueará &quot; , added , mineral that &quot; the complots tramados against syria fracasarán &quot; .
after the decision to suspend them syria , currently the league Árabe investigated a &quot; co of protection from civilians &quot; and bob send to 500 member of organizations arab of rights violations , of the media and observers military at home .
the minister french and quiet external , alain juppé , also has said his support at maximum of observers of the un for innovative to protect them from civilians front to the suppression of regime that , in his opinion , it confirms the last &quot; paranoia &quot; .
available items that were holding a new meeting extraordinary about the league morning in rabat for putting up point of implementation of plan to exit the last crisis adopted the 2 of november that provides , in particular , the withdrawal of those forces command of those cities that are in hands of the opposition and the liberation of the demonstrators detainees .
the minister russian of affairs minister , serguei lavrov , has accused yesterday as &quot; send &quot; the decision to take league Árabe , while the chinese instaba to syria to implement the plan of exit from the crisis , although not manifestaba your support to the implementation of options sanctions against damascus .
italy
monti calls time to the markets and simultaneously to the italians
the future head of government italian , mauro monti , has asked something about time to the markets for defending his team and put in march he programme to maps &quot; simultaneously &quot; diabetes to recover the credibility delayed during the past months of government in silvio .
the former commissioner european indian yesterday with the parties political and civic it met with the unions and the patronal .
should component a gabinete relatively restricted , ad for brilliant integrated at cape .
&quot; monti has spoken of a broader programme with numerous simultaneously &quot; , workshop francesco nucara , county of one of the rewards teams groups x he took the students sports , after earlier jury with the president of advice appointed .
by his side , the president of the house of delegates , gianfranco fini , has claimed that awaits the mauro monti solicite before the friday a vote of confidence at cape for ensuring that the new government gets the root support .
pm consultations features with the presentation , by side of mr monti , of a list limited , without doubt the one dozen of ministers , at chief of state , entity napolitano .
monti has speakers of nerviosismo of the markets bursátiles and the results obligacionistas yesterday , minute time .
in the &quot; democracy , there few schedules stands &quot; for defending a government and prepare your program , skills , añadiendo that being &quot; insurance for the students markets will paciencia and what entenderán &quot; .
your registry for the president pm bonus of assessment of the markets , but after being imposed on bottom , in particular piece a fall imprevista of the production industrial in the area of euro will september .
the first prime appointed should create a team mainly sex for brilliant , even if has rank of colonel like include to &quot; political &quot; .
the new government employee function date 2013 , date of those weeks legislative , viewed .
according to mr and mrs robert de members , gianfranco fini , the new government leverage the vote in confidence of parliament before the friday .
monti it has committed to the , when seat of office , trabajará taking in mind that tools and with the goal of the italy &quot; unparalleled your fading &quot; in europe .
a spokesman the commissioner european olli rehn has rank of &quot; even with a new government , not variará our diagnosis of the economy italian &quot; .
the eu , sure that we rome not reach their goal of achieving a balance collection of 2013 to spread the students plans to austerity lists during the past months , has asked the adoption of new measures to discipline .
the &quot; summoned to the top &quot; enforcing emma marcegaglia , that he personally the mates , assigned logo on the need for speed of economics , &quot; cook it a country that does wonders not tell online services requirements in japan and deficit &quot; .
monti , famous for its competition and his independence as commissioner european de 1994-2004 de , supposed a &quot; change the era &quot; for italy after 17 years of &quot; berlusconismo &quot; categories of &quot; professor &quot; painting &quot; the challenge of the legislative &quot; and &quot; another italy &quot; , according participants were editorialistas .
the great incógnita will be longevity of his team .
the president napolitano post avoid falling elections conduct , cook it italy has to menu before the april of 2012 few 200.000 million in eur in obligations of state .
a scientist russian has colaborado with the program nuclear bin
a scientist russian , vycheslav danilenko , has colaborado with iran in the development of a detonador that they can use with a weapon nuclear , according workshop on monday a ngos american specialized in the risk resentment .
for the identification of female , the institute of science and security international arbitration isis de it updated in a report recent a on location international the last energy agency de aiea de and the other stuff print by refusing agency of the un .
the aiea manifestaba the week last your &quot; serious concern &quot; by a &quot; possible dimension military &quot; the program nuclear bin .
according to isis , washing extensamente in documents from the aiea , danilenko , born in 1934 , would worked during three decades , since the age 1960 , in a tube nuclear arsenal site in tcheliabinsk de oural de and looked manager in the manufacturing of diamonds pale by explosion .
in 1989 or 1991 , would cancel the focus for defending a company focusing on the production of &quot; coating &quot; in kiev .
the problems stem from his company he talks workshop to engage in contact , in 1995 , with the embassy in iran in ukraine .
after , it believes that cooperó with the program runs between 1996 and 2002 , before the back to russia .
in his last report , the aiea featured in there &quot; attack signs of the iran available diary &quot; a system of detonación nuclear &quot; with the help of a expert abroad , that no single thought well as technical , but i also , according has reported a state legislature to the agency , worked during the largest part of his career in shaping technology in the program nuclear arsenal of his country and sister &quot; .
the crimes and crimes against muslims have grown a 50 cent
the crimes and crimes against the muslims have grown close to a 50 cent between 2009 and 2010 , while the , in the same period , the effect types of violence racial and religious have dropped or increased only slightly , according weekends pm statistics hotels for the fbi is monday .
according designed figures , the number total of acts of violence committed against muslims has passed the 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , is saying , has grown in a 49 cent , front to a iii of 13 cent in the case of the acts of violence against the católicos , a reduction of 4 cent in the crime against jews and a rising global trade 14 cent in the number of crimes and crimes antirreligiosos .
the number total of &quot; crimes of hate &quot; has grown slightly date of 6.628 cases , of the subjects rated 47,3 cent were determined to differences whipped and a 20 cent to differences religious , according advice on fbi .
&quot; after a decline in 2009 , hard double that looked familiar to increase this kind of crimes and crimes &quot; , skills to organisation of defense for the rights violations watch watch stephen , &quot; the rise of the acts of violence against muslims hard especially significant &quot; , added to organisation in a shadow .
&quot; watch watch stephen leads much time offset the last violence against the muslims , so as all the kinds of crimes that hate , should explore a serious violation of the human rights &quot; , add a responsible for the organization , paul legendre .
&quot; the government american can be applied esforzarse by adding end to participate abuse &quot; , add , sports that eventually moved could include a better way to reports of the police on the &quot; crimes of hate &quot; .
the &quot; crime of hate &quot; in the right federal treasury it heredó of the era of the struggle for the rights civil .
video legislation was passed after the death of martin luther king for failing to commit to violence e to the race , the red of the skin , the religion , the origin and , now , the gradient sex .
ms title your platform and it seems more to facebook
the site of microblogging ms setting up monday in presentation of his platform for allowing them their users , in particular , observed the activity of those people who show up diet , what went sudden i their service was odd couple little more at the facebook .
a new pestaña &quot; activity &quot; and other so-called &quot; name &quot; comment continue more legiblemente and the direct cause activity of other &quot; twittos &quot; , is saying , of those internautas core messages de &quot; tweets &quot; de still in internet or that he still went you .
this allows know if provide monitoring to messages , if they abonan to accounts new , if posts in bookmakers some message , etc.
this new approach to twitter it probó &quot; with a small percentage of users of august &quot; before the difundirla at rest of the network of monday , according has cited to the afp the spokesman for ms , carolyn penner .
ms , that was known for his performance little instintivo , with terms slightly esotéricos de rt for reenviar a message from another person , followfriday pour recommander of suivre a autre utilisateur de faisant you bonheur artificial initiés , lloyd &apos; ouvre ainsi to a public plus civic avec a maniement plus bike to celui artificial réseaux cardiff public facebook et google r .
in the network , the users have debated at blow up &quot; tweets &quot; with different views on interest in this innovation .
&quot; is useless , hard invasiva and it seems too often facebook &quot; , says ries jemb123 .
&quot; the role activity i will give help to continue best some elements of my flow ms &quot; , says ries dannykronstrom .
austria
introduction of a &quot; rule of gold &quot; line in the constitution
the government of great coalition democrat g democratacristiano that being in the power of austria has decided to tuesday include the entire constitution a &quot; rule of gold &quot; line for reducing the deficit spending and , so , avoid a possible exacerbate the last note bonds of austria for part of those agencies to rating agencies de oh to test .
was the same chancellor democrat , werner faymann , anyone announced this decision after a board of directors , when the debt public austrian execution of 74,6 cent , a figure very higher at limit online of 60 cent sydney by the treaty of maastricht , but clearly sellers to show debt of countries like italy , greece or spain .
&quot; if they redujese the solvency of austria in a single standard , of aaa to aa r , tour of paying 3.000 million in eur more than interests each year &quot; , collector of conversations democratacristiano of affairs minister , michael spindelegger .
austria depending so i called request of the summit of brussels to the countries member of the area of euro the past 26 of october : in her , the top of state and the government demanded the inclusion , before the end of 2012 , of the reduction of deficit spending and the last recovery of balance of forces accounts public in the constitution or in a law with courage equivalent .
the device adopted by the government austriaco it aproxima at &quot; model german &quot; , cook it germany was the first lady bird that passed hot type of &quot; rule &quot; .
before the 2017 , the deficit spending updated should decrease each year in a 0,75 cent of product internal gross de gdp de and , to date the 2017 , the deficit spending updated the state federal not should somebody each year in 0,35 cent of gdp , while the students states regional , so as those comunas , should submit budgets equilibrados .
the goal subscribe to the , towards 2020 g 2021 , the debt public about radical under the criterion of 60 cent sydney by the treaty of maastricht .
a yen mail
noda threat with a new phone book market for change
the first prime japonés , yoshihiko noda , warned the tuesday at the pictures authorities niponas intervendrían legends of ce the change if the yen dressed mount .
&quot; intervendremos , such as what stayed in last time , if comprobamos that they spin a speculative placing &quot; in the kind of change the yen , explained noda at senate .
the tuesday , the yen marc date non few levels next to the college historical that occur in late in those authorities japonesas the 31 of october .
time today , tokio marketed masivamente yenes by dollars for haiti is value in the motto nipona , that fresh from reaching a new record since 1945 in comparison with the currency american .
but the yen has gone remontando coins from then , perceptive by those purchases of investors who did feel a &quot; value shelter &quot; in these times inciertos of realm economic downturn and the crisis of debt to europe .
the dollar to run to cotizarse the tuesday to less than 77 yenes and the euro has fallen by below the poverty barra symbolic of 105 yenes , alcanzando few levels next to the back underground in last speech .
before the turn crisis financial of 2008-2009 , the dollar was cotizaba to confirm the 120 yenes and the euro will most of 160 yenes .
this explosion of the motto nipona transfer to show exports of archipiélago , cook it encarece the products made songs japan and down the value of the income results in the student for those companies japonesas when the strike at the currency national .
&quot; japan available mortgages for reconstruirse &quot; after the seísmo and the tsunami of 11 of march , that devastaron the region of tohoku de northeast de , skills noda , that afraid that the encarecimiento the yen hair and root of weak recovery .
the third engine economic downturn has regained the growth in the third quarter de a 1,5 cent in relation with the accelerator previous test , by first time in a year , thanks to a rising from those exports and the consumption of the homes agents for the disaster .
but the first prime viewed as the high level of yen not reflejaba pm &quot; foundation economic and japan &quot; .
the minister of finance , jun azumi , has asked at bank of japan de boj de , that supposedly the tuesday a meeting of two days of his board of political elites , that early all those measures options for debilitar the yen .
without mentioning , the governor deputy the last institution , hirohide yamaguchi , warned of the world boj already had taken &quot; pm measures tone &quot; , giving up understand that not should esperarse a greater flexibility monetary the wednesday .
during his last meeting to end the october , the institute of bonds rate in five pounds of yenes de 47.000 million in eur de your shopping for f of wealth , looks at the 55 provides a yenes de 519.000 million in eur de the threshold of the funds that spins to the acquisition of various titles financial for inundar the market for liquidity .
area of euro :
the types crecen , pm sewer flaquean
the risk of infection from the crisis of the debt still perjudicando to the misery privacy .
to spread the appointment of new managers of government in greece e italy , so as to conduct best numbers of growth in france and germany , the types of students countries more debilitados diet mount .
still worried by the stability of the stability of the area of euro , pm sewer nokia it increases a little more than the area cost of tuesday 15 of november .
in paris , to show 10 hours , the cac 40 lose a 1,4 cent and it puts them 3.064 points .
the dax lose the frankfurt a 0,4 cent and the london stock 0,1 cent .
&quot; taking in mind pm new tensions in relation with the performance of the loans were the united of the area of euro more emphasis , the markets bursátiles of all the world still struggles part of their recent gains &quot; .
&quot; the investors , nerviosos , are perfectly aware of risk of infection &quot; , explains terry pratt , row institutional in ig markets , hunt for the agency al .
the stock of tokio has closed with a wooden of 0,7 cent , updated pm concerns about the controllers of market in relation with the ability to europe and contain the crisis of the debt .
&quot; japan , as the rest of world , has the quick season in europe and the bases tight realizándose in a room of compensatory small , of way that the blood not t evidence of that is getting out has estabilizado &quot; , viewed mitsushige akino , managing the funds in ichiyoshi investment management .
the reaparición of those concerns for the future of the area of euro affects to the currency devaluation , that still bajando the tuesday .
the euro still in his level than under heavy metals a month and half .
towards women 10 hours , the motto european valuable 1,3570 dollars , a fall of 0,4 cent .
according to corridors , has lost value after the fact is party of the chancellor angela merkel , the badge , that they met in monday in the congress , adoptase a motion to forecast , in particular , the option of taking a country in jordan saliese of the area of euro without leave the union european .
the types enforcing the spaniards aged with creces the 6 cent
the types crediticios of italy and spain surface to pass levels very disturbing .
the tuesday by the morning , the performance of those obligations italian to 10 years reached the 6,85 cent , while the students titles vessels at himself term ofrecían a 6,2 cent .
these tensions in relation with the types of organizations that are developing the south , although also the cup , diet alimentando the fears of the controllers .
the head of future government italian , mauro monti , has asked time to the markets for improving the situation in italy , that hot in risk of asfixiarse with the weight of his debt .
the new prime minister greek lucas papademos , by his side has claimed that the application of those decisions taken by the summit of the area of euro is 27 of october would be &quot; links main &quot; of his government .
spain was hiding in the park and calm down the markets , while the rest sunday was held there pm elections legislative .
the difference in the types de &quot; spread &quot; de between those obligations to 10 years in germany and spain , has reached a new online historic .
to the waiting for those figures are growth of the area of euro
since the point of view error , france has recorded a growth economic the 0,4 cent in the third quarter , is saying , a figure than college of the 0,3 cent items , impulsada by the drug goals .
the insee , without mentioning , has reviewed to the low in figure of second quarter , with a sharp the 0,1 cent of product internal gross de gdp de in place of a rising .
addition , the fourth quarter is the fact really concerned to the economists .
germany , by his side , has recorded a growth of 0,5 cent in the same period .
it pilot tests headlines g to the whole of the area of euro will show 11 hours , after the fact that committee gave shipping visit on the risk of a new recession .
policy energy :
the facts must show more than the dogmas
if there a point that it was can try taking in mind considerations of short term or simply thinking about those emotions , is the policy energy .
the availability and the cost of the electricity gifts directly into the power purchasing and the last competitiveness of those companies .
hard right to a club election may be time to reflect on such issues and on the first of the energy nuclear .
the debate domain finished useful if investigated the whole of those consequences associated , social and environmental of those options proposals .
the french lessons cites his opinion on facts objectives , in data rational .
now that we 7.000 million in people in the planet , the evolution declining subsidiaries of avoiding the last demand generating station in 2050 , to less than they prive to a huge part of the population world of a core vital .
at himself time , o you reverse the shortage each time dvd of the resources fossil for continue moving customer static , without getting the imperiosa need to reduce emissions emissions of greenhouse of effect greenhouse for fighting against the change climate , a subject that has disappeared of debate buy .
the accident of fukushima not supported none of these parameters .
by that , germany invisible voice in his decision to write to the energy nuclear .
hot not that the case even the belgium , that subjects were yours to the need for find a source capable of sustituirla , p of switzerland , that homepage has led away build plants in last generation .
by another side , great britain , finland , poland , republic czech , countries low , sweden , south , china , india and brazil , by quote some examples , diet forward with determination with their projects .
the united states , by his side , after fukushima breaks add a unit to his mount , retomando the construction of a central interrumpida after the accident of three mile island .
if the model german , based on those forms renewable , it puts the top as example , the reality beyond the fire of such speech .
the election of berlin going to suppose a encarecimiento the price of the electricity , a greater dependence energy for the need incrementada of gas imported , in particular the russian , a rising from those emissions of co2 by the construction of plants and gas and the coal .
in thick months , it notarán the effects respiratory .
must meditarse on the case of denmark .
campeón of europe in the industry eólico , the larger proportion of 30 cent of its electricity , also is one of the big users of coal and the gas tanks to the intermitencia the wind categories for this reason , your emissions of co2 and the price of its electricity are , respectively , a 65 cent and a 50 cent more attracted to the average around .
by the contrary , thanks to the spot of our policy energy , our neighbours abonan a bill of electricity a 40 cent higher level of the students homes french .
while the focus a sharp rationalisation the cost of the energy required a factor key to the competitiveness and a guarantee of maintaining the status nice industrial in the territory national , pm companies hoping it ninety of the electricity than silicon in europe .
by dividing reason , any reduction significantly from the energy nuclear abnormal a strong iii of price of the electricity , what i restaría realism to show maravillosas statements about the reindustrialización of our country and the defense of our power purchasing .
it about the man price of the great majority of the french were denied access pay and , of fact , not manifiestan opposition by returning to suggest type of energy , according show pm surveys .
remember that the policy energy of our country has lost build a piece industrial with 125.000 posts in work director and 410.000 jobs indirectos .
length looking at the export , arts a galaxy of pymes specialist in the markets international and the thick create jobs not deslocalizables .
if france decidiese leave the energy nuclear , abnormal heart sacrificio of great part of these possibilities and the loss of the 6.000 million in eur annual in exports french and equipment and services nuclear .
¿ what electricista encargaría a epr designed to function boat over , when ready items on john and his manufacturer ?
for spot on equation of the energy nuclear , there is mix of not exist a source miracle of production of electricity , at fault for either there a source diabólica .
the development for part of areva of solutions with low emissions of co2 , nuclear and renewable , shows the character complement of those sources of energy .
in the case of the energy nuclear , hard essential keep the maximum level of security .
in france , minutes of a authority of security that sharp a control manufacturing and transparent both on those plants existing as on the construction of flamanville .
our teams , of ricardo professionalism , are also obsessed by the security .
in half century , the industry nuclear has suffered three accidents serious .
so just one , the way three mile island , it resulted in higher conditions operational employee categories not withdraw consequences p for those people saying to the middle environment .
in chernobyl , the accident occurred charged at design of harrisburg and i promise failures human imperdonables .
in fukushima , some people seem forget that the accident occurred charged to two save natural of a terrible without parallel , that wave of death from tens of thousands of people .
the industry nuclear aprenderá of this accident , such as what did you have two previous .
thanks to these sorts of her sons cooperation between those authorities in security , and the operator and builders french and german , the epr cool slightly design capable of resistir to such phenomena .
while doing estudian all the players electric that focuses build a plant , the interruption of his building in flamanville would a great gift for the competitors in areva and edf , cook it sounds chocolate track free to assume the role of the inevitable development of entertainment nuclear .
hard essential and legitimate search pm best options energéticas for our country , but would irresponsible stop it from maiden , the dogmas of those transactions partisanas dominasen a debate so important to the situation presents , social and financial and our country .
the immigration , ¿ a burden or a chance to the economy ?
the political and immigration ruling by nicolas sarkozy has been criticada properties from various points of view : the saturación of the services database , software and administrative procedures to be policy of figures , the compatibility of this policy with the status autoproclamado of &quot; country of the human rights &quot; of france .
more recently , is the harassment administrative and the students foreign the back has saltado to the headlines , with the prime of internal de véase the newspaper libération the 23 of may de proclamando of last of france &quot; not needs talentos foreign , compensation committees camareros &quot; .
without mentioning , rarely ever been forgotten since the point of view economic .
the question is that , on this issue , there quite consensus among the left and the right .
in the case of the right-wing , jacques chirac fijó the garden declarando in 1976 that &quot; 900.000 institute not should be a problem for a country that account with close to two million of workers immigrants &quot; , while the focus of espionage , the tone did fijó michel rocard explicando that france &quot; not tell save office of teachers of misery of world &quot; in 1990 .
the only difference , the degree of generosity
in 2005 , both the left as the preferred compartían the fear to the invasion of territory national by a multitude of fontaneros polish .
to both ends , it considers the students immigrants are a burden for the economy and the society french .
the only difference is in the degree of generosity with the fact borne with regard to the restaurant .
in his pockets , decorated hollande it pertains to include banalidades , indicated that the codesarrollo park spot on &quot; problem of the migration &quot; .
this idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , shipping hard profitable electoralmente , but economically enter very optimistic .
such as guarding the economists ian goldin and geoffrey cameron was a masterpiece recent that leaves the knowledge than latest on the immigration de exceptional people : how migration shaped our center functions will define our future , may be 2011 , princeton university reporter , 352 pp . de , there a broad consensus among the highlights on the impact positive for the flows flows into the growth economic , the wages and the employment of the countries that receive immigrants .
the cane and the immigration immune to growth and inefficient at employment .
the fears related with the impact of the immigrants were based on the idea of the moment can replace it to workers national , in particular to the little blue , pressing for the call asking their salaries .
but the experience shows that , in reality , the immigrants are more inclined academic that substitutes for the workers national and ensured mainly collector in sectors with lack of jobs .
the immigrants little blue working in sectors that no big to workers national and the more qualified than sectors dynamic where the teacher does parental the demand for personal .
a minor thing about the wages
the same way that a surgeon charge difficulties for work in a country that she needed to anestesistas , the complementariedad between national wildlife refuge sudden i was coming from these past planned initiation into the low and the employment of the national .
taking in mind what previous , giovanni peri calculó that a rising cost 1 cent of the migratory flows supposed a iii of the sexes real to long-term term of among a 0,6 and a 0,9 cent .
and , without having to mind the fact that he was diversity of aportan the immigrants helps to the creation of ideas and at growth economic de there a big drop in prizes nobel mortgage naturalizados and businesses as google , intel , paypal , ebay and yahoo were justified by immigrants de .
the immigrants also are taxpayers dig up the systems social , cook it aportan of average a 1 cent of budget cuts in the netherlands privacy .
the organization international trade work flowers , by example , that the emperor a swell of plastic wrap a age of 30 years airline a final neta de income less expenses de of 150.000 eur to the gray public and average during entire your life .
at principle of his mandate , nicolas sarkozy wanted go to seek out points of growth that he faltaban &quot; with the tooth &quot; .
park tooth , that disuadieron to the restaurant , pool exactly the effect salem .
europe garage in democracy , only he needed something to a democracy around
the democracy is a good wildlife , but also undergone .
the continent european should power acordarse of denver already have , although it garage in athens ago more than two thousand years , to do over the century giant has suffered losses disasters of the war ii , totalitarismos , the holocaust , the exalted , but also to blunt the spanish , to salazar in portugal , the coroneles in greece .
some shipping celebrity that , for the last democracy triunfase definitely on their enemies , would suffice exercise of voting and the way most direct possible .
know , since napoleon &quot; the small &quot; , that they thought of something considered .
the suffrage universal , although it about the one condition hop to the left , not that enough for themselves only e even can potentially be a &quot; instrument of oppression &quot; , as pink si at filósofo republicano etienne vacherot .
not , the democracy requires much more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organization , a separation and divorce control of the powers , a education , lights , solidarity economic and social , justice .
the crisis that live in europe is a crisis pregnancy , but being forced point of hot air a crisis policy and democratic .
the palinodia the referendum greek verdadero-falso took , to this regard , a double effect sweeteners : cookies to need to a return japan and the sphere policy , but also the story feeling of his grandparents , of his inconsistency .
must reflexionarse on this ambivalence for superarla .
the truth is that women lines of coping with the battle democratic currently being made desplazado and that , in many cases , the soldiers republican already not progressive in the good sense .
not saldremos won if cuba a succession of negative national , teachers in function of those needs and the way desordenada .
a signature of white sheet monarca european p or a high prevalence fill the hole nacionalista : h what options for the citizen h
not , not want answers reporter for effect , but a performance common , of full right , relaxed and continuous , of those options and the democracy , this time to scale european .
not there crisis in greece , italy , spain , portugal de of fact , not sabríamos where bath of technology transfers , because only there a crisis , the crisis of europe .
the entire of europe is the fact they pliega to show command of the markets and the women agencies to rating , that the american unaccompanied your trail and his lack of coordination .
is the whole of europe in the mid a humiliation in the sphere international .
us preaching by the transfer of sovereignty to europe , but it across europe to the game angel of sovereignty and , with her , each one of his nations .
what else urgent that he was sovereignty popular unparalleled in helm of project european .
because domain together until the europeans reduce the weight of their debts , shake the students markets and prepare your future through those investments .
the exit of the crisis putting decisions to scale european that no longer warn without a legitimacy democratic total , except that makes for conducirnos at disaster .
after having fought during much time against this bill is the socialist and the jacques delors , all the world calls in the present a governance economic integration .
that so proud .
but think of her without a greater integration policy and democratic , and without the grass vivida as such by the citizens , would a new madness and we caught up a new point dead .
we assume a new stage of the building walls .
for building the republic in france , was observed &quot; do &quot; republican .
the revolution motivated by interests not supposed enough .
this lesson still remains applicable .
we build a car over integrated since the point of view economic .
cabinets were able auto alliance a high more democratic than the level political , a real sovereignty popular around .
for building europe , cast privacy .
pm cards with chip &quot; without contact &quot; it generalizan
the salon world of women cards and chip set gambling on tuesday at villepinte , close to paris , with a environment set .
of fact , the year 2011 should chapters with a rising cost 11 cent in those sales records of cards with microprocesadores de cards switzerland , mobile with cards sim , etc. de , with a total of 6.000 million in units , according hall of gabinete eurosmart .
the segment more potent is the one that technology without contact , that allows subscription to transport the common or pm shopping m arena of card to a lector .
this year it venderán in all the world 460 million in cards with chip without contact , h 320 million more than the year before moving
your game should continue rising in 2012 de it pilot 580 million in units de and driver close to a 10 cent of market world of women cards with chip de 6,925 million in cards de .
europe , that she long time rezagada with regard to the region of asia-pacífico , available won ground in the industry of payment without contact .
around the 26 million in cards switzerland visa already service of this segment , that they commit a 75.000 terminals in payment .
in france , your early signs more modest : it are believed 400.000 cards visa without contact .
but those big wet nurses for four .
carrefour has issued this year 2,5 million in cards pass mastercard without contact .
for folks to run higher , not suggesting , is necessary to the banks pm persuade her available to their customers .
&quot; there two big hotels french to be made committed to salvage consistently in the future , between their clients , cards switzerland dotadas the system without contact &quot; , con gérard nébouy , director general of visa radio agent .
the banks photo of payment for telephone mobile
but so just begun a first stage upon which half of payment of future : the phone mobile .
in the present , there few devices equipados with the technology nfc de near sole communication de , essential for repairs pm transactions .
&quot; it are rezagando &quot; .
&quot; but should go after buying a real pull the year that next &quot; .
&quot; prevemos that they venderán between 80 and 120 million in units of 2012 in all the world &quot; , explains marc bertin , president of eurosmart .
but the banks medium of delantera .
the bank crédit agricole announced yesterday in orbit around a test between december and the next june in temptation .
it equiparán the iphone and around the 200 customers and frightened with a funda that allows the payment without contact .
the bpce owner of a project similar in strasbourg and ripped .
and the société générale also has claimed yesterday that being prepared for marketing and a supply of residents to their customers pay without contact to via the whole mobile .
the usual to nigeria , the front terrorist target in increase
paris was concerned for the pop between al organiser in the magreb islamic and the secta boko haram .
the pop between the group terrorist tactics organiser in the magreb islamic de aqmi de and the secta nigerian of boko haram , on the back down sospechaba since ago time , it have confirmed .
the sunday , the viceministro argelino of affairs minister , abdelkader messahel , even said that argel already &quot; has the certidumbre &quot; .
&quot; the way in which both organizations operating and the reports of the services of intelligence shown that are cooperando &quot; , explained , without damaging than details .
paris seems reasonable to a conclusion similar .
the research on the hostages were two french in niger in last january afternoon session pm pasarelas .
raptados in a restaurant in niamey by people ever met aqmi , antoine de léocour and vincent delory beauty at day following along with several of his secuestradores during a operation currencies by those forces special french .
in the rubble of the intervention , the researchers french and nigerians abused several chips telefónicos that belonged to the terrorists .
backbone terrorist
the study of women reviews investment advice towards several partners object in mali , niger and nigeria .
according radio agent internationale de rfi de , two nights captaron especially the interest of the researchers : one leads to a nigeriano that permaneció during much time in maiduguri , a city of north of nigeria , cradle of boko haram , and the other to a man who , perception , is near to aqmi and i was secta .
&quot; it about the man progress , but without doubt we wait to poseer evidence more formal before the flood of cooperation operational between aqmi and boko haram &quot; .
&quot; but it possible &quot; .
&quot; know from ago years of the secta enjoys the support financial e intellectual external and that each time being more active &quot; , phone kunle amuwo , a female nigeriano .
these past months , park &quot; assessments &quot; had result each time than relying on the evolution of the hidden from boko haram or in their computer command , that now travel to use the kamikazes or installing explosives each time than complex and the same style of the category for aqmi .
the community international , medicine for washington , available from then pushing to abuya for the purchase of mind to problems details for boko haram .
pm authorities sympathetic , of fact , table time looking at group as a community of iluminados little arts and interest .
a successful faster
ya in 2002 in maiduguri in graduate from a mezquita , a school and at magnet fundamentalista vi yusuf , boko haram de that means , in hausa , &quot; the education western is a pecado &quot; de , grooming to the brings the one emirato islamic in the north muslim of nigeria .
in this region poor , the association available chicken stock success faster .
it politiza and requires a respect manufacturing of the sharia , while the parents discounted it bullets to the fight against the government central impío .
these past it orientan in first place to show churches , the sofas , pm game .
in 2009 , the carnage of boko haram petition especially active and it multiplicaron the attacks against women comisarías .
the reaction of abuya was , as perfect pass , widespread .
the army atacó the city and it registered 800 dead .
vi yusuf , arrested in life , weekly to death in prison .
since then , the secta it radicaliza and abandon their feudos the north .
pm hotel holidays , indulge a tube that cause 80 dead in jos and , after , another in abuya .
in june , boko haram store to attack against abuya , in particular against the barracks general constitutionally of the police , with a gun suicidal , the first of this kind .
in august , the headquarters local of those nations un was watching the whole first goal international .
the creation of a backbone terrorist in africa , that abarcaría since mauritius date somalia describe for nigeria , character to all the specialists in the security .
while the aqmi has undermined mali and niger and that the somali of al-chebab operating in kenya , boko haram input as a new threat to the heart of africa .
the week last , during a meeting in nigeria with the president goodluck jonathan , alain juppé you did announced against boko haram and has claimed that he thinks he &quot; share entire the information &quot; .
the world according to candidates republican who is reflected
in relation with china , with iran and with the help to israel , mitt romney , herman cain , and rick perry bid in simpleza and lack of knowledge .
a america debilitada by the crisis , ¿ can manage a world complex with ideas simple or , even , simplistas ?
listening to the candidates republican for those presidential , the voters could think of chicago is .
since ago few days , mitt romney , herman cain , rick perry and the other candidates each time they most reliable estruendosas and atajos in japan and political foreign , traditionally a point mail from the republican .
it extienden the lemas , to match infundamentados , on china , iran , the help to israel .
mitt romney , the candidate best indicator of the race tracks the designation for the &quot; cardiff old party &quot; , has threatened with emotion to the chinese face of wto and denunciarles &quot; by handling of his motto &quot; , a subject key in a america exasperada by the window of fragmentos driven by his post towards asia .
page so if that means the explosion of a war commercial , workshop .
jon huntsman , former ambassador to obama in china and the single candidate who owns a vision sofisticada of the political external , almost out ahoga face a attitude that &quot; apabulla &quot; pm emotion .
has asked a dialogue message , but parity , with beijing de la position current of obama de .
but huntsman , that they go plateau in those depths of the polls , still remains inaudible .
at style of ronald
romney also has promised a speech military in iran if those sanctions do journals break your program nuclear .
&quot; if salgo elected , detendré to iran &quot; , fanfarroneó .
&quot; if obama took opposing , t is bomb &quot; .
promised logo increase the ability military to israel , acusando to obama is having failed with their obligations to expand with hot partner .
the desk herman cain , the second candidate best dramatic , co for his part a interviews wearing a big issues .
recently , instaba to counter to the threat military china because beijing &quot; francisco develop innovative nuclear &quot; , apparently representations of fact and the chinese study owner of átomo military since 1964 .
the governor tejano rick perry , that supports it israel and wants selection of iran , says that , by his side , available ready to deploy the army american in mexico for fighting against the dominant in the drug .
the resource to the torture against the stand terrorists , pet for obama in 2009 , also said preconizan cain , perry and the mayor michele bachmann .
pm differences are considerable with the candidate republicano of 2008 , john mccain , a weight heavy in politics external .
the opponents of current president contestan that reagan also had ideas simple and the founder of war cold .
request that the founding obama was a amateur and that took the aflojar the ash in japan and fight against the terrorism .
insisten , with reason , in the failure of his ingenuo dialogue with iran , in the way emerald and the &quot; boys &quot; of iraq and the parents tergiversaciones in libya , and what etiquetan of weak .
but the attacks not offer cluster simple .
the population juzga of a way more inclined positive for assessment of security national the obama , that cold with osama bin .
since iraq , desconfía of those speeches military that beautiful a hundimiento .
and , argumentando that makes lack rebuild economically america for revive her leadership , obama page of excitement of religion than fair .
the nord stream , new door of entry of gas russian in europe
the pipeline nord stream , that comunica directly europe western with russia describe for the fund the sea port , already been taken shelter in service .
must supply gas for satisfy those needs of thirty million in homes .
gazprom , the giant russian the gas , has wanted hold the event with great pompa .
the past tuesday , more than 500 guests , including four heads of state and the government , conferences to lake of overseeing , between the music of the orquesta and a delicate bufet , in the opening of nord stream , the new pipeline that comunica directly , under the sea , russia with germany .
wooden , the chancellor angela merkel angela , the president russian ambulance south , the first prime french decorated fillon and his counterpart in the netherlands low , jason rutte , have girado together in volante of the válvula that nobody would entry of gas russian in the network of europe western .
with this new pipeline , each year than 27,5 million in height cubic of gas russian additional help europe western to via the one first took the 1.224 g that comunican the region of san st francis of land in mecklemburgo-pomerania .
a second tubo should concluirse to end the 2012 that allow supply a total of 55.000 million in height cubic of gas , is saying , enough to cover all the drug french .
addition , already been talking about the possibility of building a third tubo by the same pitch .
for gazprom , the completion to time to figure huge metal cool buenos of victory .
poland and the netherlands baltic it had theories strongly opposed project .
of fact , the nord stream going to allow supply gas directly to germany , hill to distinguish earth by third countries de poland and ukraine de .
of connecticut , these two countries slow something about her ability : for them , will most difficult influence in russia amenazándola with cerrarle the access to the markets of europe western .
in the park álgido the debate , warsaw not dudó in compare the nord stream as a &quot; new covenant germano-soviético &quot; , in reference to the alliance between hitler and stalin to hold poland in 1939 .
is saying , if the subject is politically sensitive .
europe western , continue to project russian , has scored a greater security of supply .
but the price is a weakening of the car and the energy , given that the project has led a persistent between the values of this and the west .
russia has settled , in so just five years , do triunfar your vision of a alliance direct between russia and the netherlands western rich , big consumer of gas and with few reservations each time than limited .
&quot; this pipeline x a virtual of our association with russia , a new arteria that we n of form conventional &quot; , narrow decorated fillon during the opening of pipeline , info date what point of having contracts of entertainment of gas are so familiar as economic .
all this explains pm audience smiles at various causes of the toxic waste gazprom , numerous in lubmin , in the park and coming of gas .
the construction of this pipeline also supposed a remarkable technical .
the tubo submarino available leather of steel recubierto of cement for protegerlo against women anclas of the ships .
it supports the use fund the sea , to a dozen of 200 mg of depth .
for construirlo , was necessary avoid camps in mine that traces the last second war ii .
&quot; was necessary warmer or destroy a centena of them , by antibiotics &quot; , com jens müller , spokesman for the society nord stream .
logo , multiple hop providing those measures of protection from the fauna and the flora .
the tubo is a long word of metal that facilitates as 242 torres eiffel and not being interrupted by teachers your length : p by válvulas , p by plus the repair .
was shortly a platform of control in those waters of sweden , but the bear the project renunciaron to the same at see that the swedish not happy very eager to allow the company claims filed russian it estableciera of form permanent in the sea front to their shores .
&quot; in case of avería , interrumpiremos the step of gas in less than a minute &quot; , writes jens müller .
in case of brain , the gas exploration pipeline was liberará , by both , to the atmosphere .
but the builders feel little likely to be spontaneous a brain , cook it have agreed junturas that , according pm g , t a brain each 100.000 years .
the control of state of pipeline was shopping through a robot submarino , arrastrado by a vessel , that piece inspections external , so as clinton a device that restrict by the internal the pipeline .
with the way of a pure , it introduces the world inside the tubo , that owns a distance of a subway , and it seeing with the gas .
to his arrival , after three hours agendas of comfort to a slow start three metres by second , supplies data stands on santa deformaciones the metal .
the pipeline has been designed for physicians during fifty years without need of any kind of reparación .
the movement of gas was shopping m per of pressure .
at principle is the 200 bars and , to the exit of 100 bars .
five companies have joined their forces to power wear to carry this project .
the company leader is headed , that owns the 51 cent of those participating .
to her , it unieron pm transportation e.on and basf de 15,5 cent each one de , so as to peak gasunie and the group french gdf suez de 9 cent each one de .
these five degrees have created a company common , call nord stream , teacher of building and exploiting the pipeline .
has its headquarters in zoug , switzerland , where the imposition hard especially college .
after , gazprom alquiló to represent society , during a period of twenty-five years storage , the entire of those capabilities of transport and gas .
&quot; to gazprom you keep by the ability total , regardless of the amount of gas that really made transport &quot; , writes jens müller .
the funding of the building of pipeline was has led album in a 30 cent with the final of the accionistas and the man 70 cent through loans banking .
the cost total of the american should reach 7.400 million in eur for the two tubos .
for gdf suez , by example , the investment has reached the 240 million .
but the accionistas weaker are insurance for the no superarán your investment , cook it gazprom remove by itself only the risk of the cold .
the pipeline emerge the baltic to lubmin , in a socially arenosa plantada of pinos .
comments válvulas , with 4,5 metres of thick , form of warfare in nearby village gas .
there few sensors that miden the pressure , the temperature and women leave specific the gas to the arrival , before the start out owed to the pipelines germans .
since the last tuesday , the terminal weekly a half of metres cubic of gas russian each time .
to complete capacity , toys three million for re-election and the 2012 , six million .
moleskine , a libreta of mark .
created ago environment century by a company italian , moleskine post automatically to the people of lived by the escritura .
has a air of adventure , of hours of escritura to the light of a vela .
the libreta moleskine it acknowledges easily , with their solder rectangulares sheep , your plastic , your hojas of red hair breaking , as envejecidas by the time .
without mentioning , pm libretas moleskine with the sword current born ... in 1997 .
the company italian way way , diet in milan , decided to anyone time launch at market a libreta of answering the design , but distinguida .
maria sebregondi , by stephen then consultora of the company , it musicians of launching the new product .
the libreta it inspires in a former attorney for production , the mole skin felt skin of topo de , that they relate to a cotton barnizado that they raided , between other things , for breast pm banquetas .
this kind of libreta was very box for the writers and producers travellers .
&quot; moleskine has adaptado at lived current a subject old and neglected , a icono of the artists vanguardistas date of century giant &quot; , account maria sebregondi , that since then it became a responsible for the brand of way way .
and spa in success .
between 2006 and 2010 , pm sales fell in a 26 cent , date non a volume of 12,7 million in units vendidas .
far has been the production intelligence of the first years , in the back just been lifts 3.000 libretas .
moleskine going over beyond the borders borders italian and wake her coat off 70 countries , since france to states supreme .
hard hard determine the profile of seller , cook it in cuaderno of answering becomes both to men of business as to students and teachers .
at fault for moleskine , your users are cosmopolitas , of spirit open and planetary .
the small business italian , that lawyers with twelve workers in their early , now owns close to 100 and , since 2008 , has two offices : a on milan and the other in new york .
distribuye your cuadernos in stores , since the fnac date of small businesses of centre of those cities , and has learned impose their identity .
&quot; us have adaptado to the times and to the need for write , to spread the booming in the post electronic &quot; , explains maria sebregondi .
this signature cultural beliefs and the rocks with the development of moleskine : recently , the mark has planted in exhibition &quot; detour &quot; where architects or artists deviant your own cuaderno .
in august , supplemented logo a cuaderno with tapas and leopardo , with reason the festival of film and locarno .
directions your success and this aura cultural , moleskine has settled diversify their products : bolsos , entities , bolígrafos , fundas of computer ... the mark arts a wide range of soportes .
a successful in sudden envidia : in autumn of 2006 , way way was acquired by the fund for investment sg capital radio , in the present syntegra capital , escribiéndose so a new page in the history of moleskine .
¿ by what the rate of unemployment and the workers disabled still remains so outraged ?
around the 19 cent of those people abortion are search a job .
the xv week for the job of the disabled starts today .
to spread the one political public settled , ruling from 2005 , the rate of unemployment among those people abortion rate of inflation average : a 19 cent , front at 9 cent for the whole of the population .
¿ desalentadora ?
&quot; not &quot; , phone Éric blanchet , director general of adapt , the association of athletic the week for the job of the disabled .
&quot; the progress inhabited since ago association years are considerable .
&quot; in ohio then , the rate of unemployment not statistically two times but three times more technologically that the average .
&quot; without mentioning , still ahead personal reasons do &quot; .
compare mention that the federal disabled diet alike to eliminate obstacles to guide at employment .
pictures account a age than older : the 37 cent has more than 50 years de a 17 cent of average height .
shares a level of mcdonald little higher : the 80 cent not been killed in bachillerato and , of the 2,3 million in students in the education higher , so just 10.000 are visually .
by last , the horse and run duration available very widespread among them : the 53 cent for the disabled , front at 38 cent of average .
is saying , there numerous issues that dificultan especially the return at world index and the &quot; availability of quid the problem &quot; , com christian grapin , director general of tremplin , a partnership created in 1992 for help to those companies to buy workers disabled .
these are the obstacles objectives .
addition , there those who do it horizon categories of mentality of the people moving , but too slow .
a study conducted in april by the association ims-entreprendre for the cité weekly to the directors encuestados they &quot; a level of knowledge about women driver under &quot; , with a &quot; representation placing the women people in wheelchair and wheelchair , deficientes dog or fast &quot; .
the result : pm companies private with more than 20 workers are very far the goal of fire a 6 cent of workers disabled , goal is being fijó in a law that ... 1987 .
according pm latest figures available , that traces the 2008 , breeding a relationship of 2,6 cent .
&quot; now stood in graduate at 3 cent &quot; , com pierre tunnel , director general of agefiph , the atomic card from custom pm input from those companies that do texts this bill .
the test : the number of establishing &quot; deviant to this point &quot; , at fault for those cuantías desembolsadas , have dropped between 2007 and 2011 , describe the 59.000 to 46.000 structures de and the 606 to 480 million in eur de .
&quot; the law of 2005 , that aumentaba pm input , has led a great pressure to show business &quot; , explains pierre tunnel .
&quot; but this improvement also reflects a real concienciación , in particular between the big groups &quot; .
according to prosecutors in work , so just the 59 cent of those societies that shares between 20 and 49 workers account with employees disabled in his plantilla , front at 82 cent of those companies that between 100 and 199 workers .
hazard : &quot; a joy &quot;
to point out turned to the blues in tuesday by the night de 20h45 de , eden hazard and georges leekens not secret of pleasure that they belong here party friendly .
not happy atreveremos to say that they notaba suits between them , but the image is symbolic .
sentados one along at another , in the estrado the auditorio the stade of notifying , georges leekens and eden hazard really have done pm paces .
five months after the gesture of grudge of his delantero against turkey , the seleccionador n t has more than praise for him .
&quot; i surprised much for eden , by their progress and because whatever n &quot; .
&quot; want move &quot; , you depending on delantero of lille .
in economics at contrast between their presentaciones in his team and the last dvd , &quot; is a whole &quot; , it has justified .
&quot; in lille , am all for year , what went no place rated at belgium .
&quot; i think situarme &quot; .
blessing for playing against romania in friday afternoon in late , taking in mind this party against france , hazard next to saint-denis for , by charging , &quot; brillar &quot; .
without either side &quot; pleasure &quot; .
leads animando to the blues from the teacher seven years , so as long pm campaigns victoriosas of 1998 and 2000 .
&quot; always heard herself your fan &quot; , phone .
without doubt , that goes to strengthen especially the character &quot; particular &quot; the club .
especially because it facing &quot; to mathieu de debuchy de , yohan de cabaye de and adil de rami de &quot; , reminds .
&quot; us reviews of store ago little .
&quot; playing against them always is a joy . &quot;
with sencillez , leekens has done by his side reference at &quot; gay &quot; .
&quot; gay &quot; by portugal &quot; a party of subsistence &quot; .
&quot; gay &quot; also by checking , as &quot; neighbour &quot; , that france &quot; store to be a team of very high level &quot; , close to a year after the traumatismo of knysna .
&quot; laurent tunnel has done a lot web &quot; , said with enthusiasm .
while the belgium not rent to the next australian european , the technical advances cited in power sharing air with the blues towards ... brazil , in 2014 .
&quot; our small firms are growing &quot; , skills .
&quot; are pursuing something missing the players are ambitious , are hungry .
&quot; able saw in the next parties &quot; . including the party against france .
portugal co fast trust
the portugal and paulo bento it faces with a large optimism at party of motor against bosnia de 22h00 de , that they camera on tuesday at lisbon .
in the party of mg , them gene realism to both teams .
&quot; when transcurran these 90 minutes , image a team happy and , on all , a country happy &quot; .
paulo bento already been altered by poland and the ukraine .
not intend any doubt categories of selecçao , that christ from september to 2010 , going to cualificarse for the championship of 2012 .
photo , so just 90 minutes separate from portugal and the happiness .
but there a party that playing and a rival , bosnia , that darkness .
taking in mind the party of mg de 0-0 de , the friday at the hell out zenica , seems obvious that the thing not being proactive .
portugal delayed the party during most of a time , yes , but not approve clock on assets gol that he liked given the quiet .
&quot; is a good outcome , but i was getting extra a risk , cook it does have revealed outside of home &quot; .
but in home , in the bright crowd of about light of lisbon , the vice are much of the pasarán , face a public that should be included in submitted , even if hard realities that the party &quot; available very matched &quot; , dixit a bento set but lúcido .
&quot; expect that the party leadership very matched , but we got chicago and the sun estate in delantera &quot; , declared the coach male and 42 years .
&quot; keep taking a 50 cent of possibilities for participating in the championship 2012 &quot; , has , not suggesting , relativizado the successor to charles queiroz .
the draw of friday at bosnia specifications to the vice to usher and i win .
to the bosnios them could get a draw , although also play need to shift .
&quot; is a good outcome , but i was getting extra a risk , cook it does have revealed outside of home &quot; , regrets bento .
&quot; going to stop fighting a team that owns a great pleasure technical and that enables the players with a large quality individual &quot; , added .
at fault for the zenica , the vice iran with the intention of giving , since the beginning , a pressure peak on the bosnios for &quot; not yahoo time to think &quot; .
a good idea , always be , this time , may realistic .
