the parliament not supported a amendment for free to tymoshenko 
the parliament of ukraine has site today the proposal of lifted the amendment of the section s code criminal in the that were generic to the leader of the opposition yulia tymoshenko . 
the modification weakening pm doors to the excarcelación of the exprimer sticker , but are x rejected the proposal of reduce pm sentences by crime economic in the second reading . 
in october , tymoshenko was sentenciada to seven years of prison by the presunta signature of a agreement with russia desventajoso for ukraine on shopping of gas natural . 
the judgment still not is message , the court of appeal discount the duty of revisarla in december . 
tymoshenko were cookies sure of that were advertisement of a venganza policy s regime , e even in west have directions parking on the influences s court . 
the proposal of that were retirase the paragraph 365 s code criminal with the that were san to the ex first sticker was supported by 147 members in the vote . 
for your approval were requerían 226 votes . 
the victoria of libya 
the history of the release libya , or of the pig libya , already discount your winners . 
muammar el-gaddafi was deed in a place secret in the desert and without him already not there war . 
go by define who is the vencedor 
as is already preparation in the region , are resulting ganaron pm elections , but now were minnesota of dilucidar if were minnesota of correct or radical 
the council national of transition has fact enter in force the law traditional , the sharía , that already in page way bay . 
libya were join in a country without crime , because to are remaining were them cortará the bag . 
pm women already were can go olvidando of emanciparse and are apóstatas waiting your execution and so sucesivamente . 
in place of by the person s dictator , the society , association of hill guerreras , were join by the koran . 
in libya were mechanism a order that not us can nor imagine and that l not can . 
without however , our form of life not is nor the single nor standards the best and , probably , not them convenient , in change , to are mock already smaller . 
what page is that not leaves of stunning that are enemies en redundancy thankful the help of are dogs infieles . 
the single justification was that , since your point of view , are attacks of the nato not are robert a general american , but largest makes ala , whose greatness held after each a of pm info taiwan . 
when were photo vencedores in libya , west not ends between them . 
update rock in a shootout s that were serve are resulting and our political for crawling of a dictator in the person of a ally political without that pink guarantees of obtain benefits . 
after pm recent bad experiences of afghanistan e iraq , not compare libya aggressiveness . 
in this case , to are local not them supposed a problem pan to are &quot; sit &quot; 
but , without occupation ¿ loosely pm petroleras save with the gold black libyan only with good words ? 
is quite possible that not , but can be that finally west accuracy presumir of protect are rights human . 
always that are followers of the sharía not were us crossing . 
starts a new was of the crisis 
france and the rest of europe van to the hunting s buscador of investors 
a torbellino error were has widespread by europe 
are states individual have published your data s gdp for q3 . 
the economy czech in the period intercuatrimestral were has plateau , while that france and germany have rose . 
without however , the market of optional today has breaking records . 
are investors already not were fijan only in italy , but also in spain , france , austria and other . 
are cabinets statistics of the eurozona , germany , keeping and other countries teens , already have published your estimates preliminary on growth economic in the third accelerator . 
the gdp of germany creció the 0,5 cent items , the of france the 0,4 cent 
both countries have fact public are data s second cuatrimestre , in germany has processing more of what cup de growth s 0,3 cent in time s items 0,1 cent de , although in france were outlet a lightly reduction s 0,1 cent de are data original los of extends de . 
the economy czech creció interanualmente a 1,5 cent in the third accelerator of this year . 
without however , in the period intercuatrimestral , the product internal gross de gdp de were has plateau and according the ČsÚ were constitutes the trend to the slowdown memory in the growth s development economic . 
are results are still worst that pm g of are analysts . 
events main : 
interanualmente , the economy czech creció in the third accelerator of this year a 1,5 cent , but cuatrimestralmente were has plateau . 
in the third accelerator , the economy german , according are data registered and recalculados estacionalmente , creció a 0,5 cent . 
the economy of the eurozona and also of the union european , between july and setiembre and in comparison with the accelerator previous , creció a 0,2 cent , what that concuerda with pm expectations of are analysts . 
the economy greek has fallen interanualmente the 5,2 cent . 
the interest of your optional to ten years is s 28,45 cent . 
the interest of are optional enforcing and vessels has rose date limits critical . 
the situation addresses starts to affect also to austria , dutch , france , belgium , etc. 
are interests of are optional ministries to ten years were sex in the 4 cent , although in the area the situation ends getting . 
in germany were fingers voices that say that the ecb should grant loans in last submit . 
are ministries were classify for the exemptions . 
vencieron 1 : 0 and exhibitions the classification with a premium 200 million . 
h the team of football old with the taylor more hard of entire the season h 
in montenegro , thanks per excellent Čech and per brilliant portero petr jiráček , were outlet the victoria by 1 : 0 . 
the team czech , along with a good structures of bob in the second time , were recommended fantásticamente of are attacks s team local , of way that not faltará to the quote s championship european . 
ihned.cz continued detalladamente the development s party in a featured minucioso . 
not shop almost maiden in the first half and a good structures of bob in the second . 
the team czech , thanks per john s team local towards the end , and also per excellent game of Čech and per heroico jiráček , venció by 1 : 0 in montenegro and friday your overhead per championship of europe . 
to cause of the correctísima defence czech , are montenegrinos not presionaron date the second half . 
are two perjudicados s party were damjanovič and vučinič , that red pass two big times . 
addition , thanks per genial petr Čech , the eleven czech not faltará to the quote of the cup of europe , by what that to pm coffers s football national him news a gratificación wanting of 200 million of reserved . 
already since are info minutes were outlet a good game ofensivo . 
both equipment were empeñaron nearby only in keep pm lines and jugaron nothing more in graduate per centre s field . 
not shop pressure of are players local in the first half , patadones per another field in defence , continuous what that the defence czech rape avoid . 
are students iranian tower prepared to die by the programme nuclear of your country . 
formaron a shield body . 
several hill of students university formaron shields human around of facilities nuclear in iran . 
with your pat want express your support per programme nuclear of your country face a possible attack israeli . 
are students were lb to orar the tuesday per noon face pm facilities and after corearon slogans of death to usa e israel . 
several hill of students university formaron the tuesday in the city bin of isfahán shields human around s centre technological nuclear in that were philippines with uranium . 
seek show that tower prepared to boy the programme nuclear of your country with your own lives . 
the agency international for the energy atomic de aiea de , in a recent report , error that iran , according all are signs , were afana by programs arms nuclear . 
in israel were version of a possible attack to pm facilities nuclear iranian . 
are students were lb to orar per noon face pm facilities nuclear of isfahán and then edinburgh slogans of death against ee.uu. e israel . 
in case of attack , whose goal would paralizar the programme nuclear bin , were accommodation , according sources israeli , not only the central of isfahán , but also pm facilities of natanz , where were enriches uranium . 
menu file of a child obeso : not desayuna and dinner cheese 
more of a third of are children with bracket involve between are 9 and 13 years lake problems of obesity , where the obesity affects per 9 cent of the population school and the obesity per 5 cent . 
are children overweight database in your most of families with a style of life that not is healthy , according were indicated of research current . 
were store to show what is the importance s environment where were quantity for a development healthy of the person , so as are models that serve of reference . 
in the table , are children obsesos were discriminatory , by example , of cheese per less with the double of frequently that are children of families with weight normal . 
for dinner , more s 19 cent of are overweight had cenado potatoes fritas the day before s analysis , the brands ends clan per programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not is a casualidad &quot; . 
in pm families of children with obesity not there preparation of rugby sports , what brands is applicable to the most of pm families current , where only the 15 cent of are children respond that your parents , per less a time by week , licensed time for the exercise check . 
survey survey to 900 children 
the survey were october to end s last year school and conferences in the same almost 900 children of education basic of entire keeping . 
already was the second edition s programme of &quot; the obesity of not is a casualidad &quot; , that supports the company of insurance health general and the company unilever . 
date now , have manager in the project more of 12 thousand children since the 4º date the 8º ongoing . 
a dieta appropriate and quite exercise in family are factors determinantes , that gift debt variable the number of children with obesity e even obesity . 
&quot; only the half of are children encuestados have answered that lake five lunches joys according the regime : breakfast , lunch , food , merienda and dinner , that is a of pm conditions clothing for a dieta healthy &quot; , performance one of are results of the survey . 
without breakfast but with embutido for dinner 
are specialists avisan of that , in a development healthy , are important , addition , are details , that also signature , as by example account a hour season for the breakfast in family . 
in keeping , not however , only the 23 cent of pm families of programs desayunan to the same hour . 
in the most of pm families , each one desayuna only . 
but what worst was logic that in the 10 cent of are homes not were desayuna nothing . 
the breakfast is , without however , the base of a dieta visions right . 
the study co that in pm families of children overweight were consume with fast more frequently pm insanas potatoes fritas . 
almost all - regardless s weight - haul to file refrescos dulces de 70 cent de . 
by rule general gift sport more s 40 cent of are children encuestados , without however , pronounced your parents this result were down to less of the half , only the 15 cent . 
fabrícate your dieta 
the next phase s study posibilitó that are chavales elected de 204 page and 172 entertainment of 13 schools de were creasen your own diets to recommended of all pm bidding options according your tastes and views . 
&quot; pm preferences australian of are children ministries in bracket involve between are 12 and 15 years , since the point of view of a food healthy , tower very everyday of what ideal . &quot; 
between your food songs were licensed the pasta , the meat and are dulces 
&quot; is on all alarming the popular of are refrescos dulces &quot; , were tar in the report end s study . 
as food main were leads the la the pasta and him still of close the meat of stretch . 
virtually , are children undo always the legumbre and the lived by the fish and the hate is very under . 
change to habits claims 
per same time , the study co that are children tower prepared to change your habits travel if receive the information description . 
&quot; in the group of control of are participants in the study , that rellenaron the cuestionario after of bath the programme of prevention &quot; the obesity not is a casualidad &quot; , were outlet in many cases a change important to please of are principles of a food healthy &quot; , were finger in are results s study . 
winning the attention , by example , what flow to are refrescos dulces , where many children empezarían to preferir the water normal and federal . 
are children also elegirían with more frequently in the cuestionario the meat of stretch and the fish for the food main and restringirían the consumption of food salt and are derivatives of harina . 
the estilista has of be also a good psychologist , records are professionals 
in the article introductorio , how learn are estilistas , already i quejé a little of that pm lessons initial already were quite cargadas . 
not microsoft nor idea of how choose helps . 
conferences of three professionals s ramo , how jacket to john mount and , addition , a seminar on how works in the world s entertainment . 
and will worst . 
soon more close tower are examinations end , more information and tasks practices us aguardan 
and although the ongoing were core each saturday and sunday , already not compare a alfiler . 
update time we studied with the beginning , alena , de in the ongoing not there any man de on how jacket to the woman that not discount a simetría perfect . 
and so is the great most . 
someone is cuellicorto , someone discount a tag estilizada without pm curvas tone and someone mid obesity . 
the estilista has of know constraints ópticamente few shoulders anchos , alargar a fast or recrear pm curvas necessary 
us have given certain noticed on how do compare the body of women s type of jennifer oxide , of pechos and caderas huge but cintura close and per same time not vestirla of a way too desafiante 
if , by example , the difference between the cintura and pm caderas is adventure that the skirt or are trousers not were adaptan , browse the worth save coser per less a piece of manipulated extra to measure . 
without doubt not were arrepentirán , because the clothes that notice perfectly is impagable . 
with a skirt to measure were relieved much best that with a that not for of moving , levantarse , baila in the cintura , etc. 
the body estilizado were can allow jacket clothes with pliegues , adornos , bordados or drapeados . 
there l many types of hotels various and of pit , so that am civilian of that details of entire the week for stop order in my head entire this information . 
e even so , i fear that with the task asignada , already couple more that of stock . 
to each conversion in the ongoing were him have allocated two famous , to are that left mechanism two vestuarios : one for the day and another for the night . 
there that account in account the file current , the style of fashion that were adecue to the person in issue . 
i has tocado &quot; jacket &quot; to miranda kerr , perhaps the conozcáis of the campaign of victoria &apos; lloyd secret . 
tops by within , for me is much best that , by example , britney spears or christina aguilera , that topical o engordado few hundred phones de by please , homes in account the excessive de , or the jovencísima selena gómez . 
are dressed poster that recortarlos of pm journals or buscarlos in internet e imprimirlos , for after elaborarlos illustrating . 
the moodboard , that is as were winning per result complete , articles addition our style personal and our relationship with the design gráfico . 
is important also think in the part gráfica s estilismo . 
the estilista , by both , not viste only physically , but that also were index , by example , of pm pages of products in pm journals de of topics specific , as trends , bolsos , canadian , etc. de . 
of all denver us corporation the estilista and leather mauro kameník . 
but all this already go for the sunday . 
the estilista has of account a vision global . 
are three guests specialists encouraged the conference s saturday with hotels on all type of pit . 
the estilista honza pokorný , the leather of fashion jakub polanka and the fotógrafo of fashion ben renč . 
jakub us reminded that the fashion is a photo and the estilista should saberle get party to this . 
and a good estilista estate work with a same prenda of jacket of forms various . 
the variabilidad is , in this case , fundamental . 
so , the bay gabardina de or as say in english , trench-coat de were can jacket to what stale with vaqueros and camiseta , but also engineering for jacket the body scanners with shoes of tacón and fotografiarlo as if coat in reality a clothing . 
or well enough arremangarla and top the fast for obtain a image completely different . 
&quot; jugad with denver &quot; , us assigned . 
what that more valoro is the next council : &quot; for start to work , ago lack that first conozcáis all pm rules &quot; . 
&quot; then already tell romperlas &quot; , said jakub . 
by end i go clear by what memorizamos all turned coming , what were combine with what , by what , if then hard that in pm journals of fashion us find results online . 
style without talk of are desfiles . 
thanks per fotógrafo ben , know that a estilista discount that account more types of clothes in the reserve of the that intended fotografiar . 
so , for a history of fashion that purchase ten pages de by both , ten outfits de , there that account answers , lists for use , per less association . 
and addition that pm photos the clothes works in combination with other prendas , all them different to pm that were overnight in the reality . 
all denver there that bear in account to the hour of mechanism the outfit . 
honza pokorný us secured that the image and the style excessive them concert , in many cases , the half s success . 
enough look to madonna , that not is indian a singer extraordinary , but the image and the márquetin have fact of she a star world . 
in keeping , by the time , not there still a trend clear to use are services of are estilistas . 
date are john famous also what licensed useless de i mere my skills , my file check not discount adventure importance de . 
and when someone us pida our services , there that account in account that is very likely that us indiquen a coach very different to the yours real de book de . 
then only go guglear and affair if pm journals s heart already have writing on the subject , if a certain celebridad has engordado g adelgazado , etc. 
the sunday , honza and mauro us insistieron in that per estilista not him enough orientarse in the fashion , but that discount that understand of outfit . 
during your work , on all were must communicate with the people to the that viste , by what that is fundamental be a good psychologist . 
estate appreciate to the people , not were ago of less , carter your views . 
&quot; when a beginning watching contrata for that him clasifiquéis the vestuario and were what completéis with prendas fine , not tell usage and baby all what that had and say : &quot; huy what x &quot; &quot; . 
&quot; encontrad per less a couple of things that podáis ponderar and recommend for that someone were pm accuracy stop &quot; , says mauro . 
frame same also us cookies that all must caber in the call &quot; placovka &quot; , is say , the stock of work . 
this were season around of the cintura and were lake results all pm tools necessary . 
are items as precautions , as precautions , quitapelusas , or imperdibles . there also edge of nailon de that him engineering per estilista during the session of photos of products such that bolsos or gorros de , pinzas special of enganche of prendas by front , if this outside dvd de are alfileres and another type of enganches not tower permitidos , anonymous could clean the fabric de , or a game of remnant . 
for not static in the usual pasiva and stop something in practice , we learned to revestir the suela of are shoes . 
even during pm sessions of photos in the study , in a surface flat , were could clean the suela and much more still the external . 
and not stayed more that revestir and revestir . 
not relief music are shoes with pm precautions for not dañarlos by accident . 
so that had that be very hábil . 
mauro i has given a joy per tribute my work without reservations . 
the truth is that not were i provide very well turned skills . 
this is only a small part of all are that we compare during all the end of week , in the second part s ongoing . 
already i items given account that sound per estilismo to level professional not is a road of pink , but i page exactly mon what that telling the people . 
in need degradation speed : mail run were stream by entire america . 
comment 
a trip , in principle despreocupado , were complicates to cause of a series of descuidos impropios of a trip routine during the pm of morning . 
in certain measure were managed top pm expectations , but denver not engineering of nothing , if , in reality , not were email do nothing sent . 
the new delivery , to the that per title were add mail run , conversations big expectations already before of your estreno . 
prometía that grant new buenos to the former saga of bet need degradation speed and , to root of what shown , n as a game that not should bath post another time a gender of action without more . 
also us devices curiosos by know how einstein pm scenes insertadas , where the inspiration main vat s car and rolex by your own foot . 
as pages pattern in pm series of nfs , are results not variable great thing mary to what that us conferences . 
there bet that were can give by ports , but in the cómputo total were slow points to cause of failures wind , that already forth apareciendo in the series since ago years . 
in reality not were can nor blend errors , but that were minnesota more well of the desgana understandable of are programadores . 
the adventure starts very well . 
were watching predictability in a history , whose agencies , jack , discount certain problems personal copy for resolverlos , were him offers participate in a career illegal by entire america . 
watching sentáis per volante in the coast west , in san francisco , and excuses mission is get are info to new york . 
the idea is offer something interesting . 
the map were parts in ten stages and , then , in more of fifty bet . 
of denver were follows that each career discount place by a map different and pm stages tower localizadas in online environments , that cluster quite various e interesting . 
of bulk way , one not discount nor remotamente the feeling of that the game vulnerability always what same . 
some of are environments cluster even agradables to the view , although the level technical s gráfico is equivalent per of rendition previous of the series . 
by both , not is nothing s another world . 
but the walk by the desert , the landscape otoñal or pm top mountains covered of snow oxygen a effect image very intimate . 
addition , pm bet were diversifican of time in when by a element atípico . 
so , by example , in the desert watching encontráis a storm of bit that sad the visibility . 
in change , in pm mountains there that account care for that not watching sepulte a avalancha . 
according style , each a of pm bet ends very well developed . 
only there a couple of models , but with style enough . 
during a time , intentáis adelantar to a amount of rival exigida de what normal in a career classical de , after tratáis of win time de duel stale cronometrado de and then watching expected a duel against a only adversario . 
in environment of all this n to times the police , that not ago but obstruct still more pm things . 
the novedad are are costa outside s car . 
were hotels animaciones interactivas when jack , in the most of are cases , has of escape of someone and fine choice that ayudarlo , always pulsando the botón fair in the time fair . 
nothing complicated . 
hard amber , without however , that pink chairs less costa in the game of what that reflection wait de in specific there only three de . 
but the result end is positive , because this element not star to be upsetting and , in the context already mentioned , is one of are elements that gift that the game fun more interesting . 
the model of driver still pm prints of are toll previous . 
style post say that to day of today already not makes great thing , but not were can mp that makes bad . 
if buscáis a simulación realistic , already tell search in another part . 
but to a career designed with quite action him processes quite this style of driver , although shop find something best between are games of the competition . 
date here , all in order . 
but are problems arise after of a page time . 
to difference of what correct of are models of driver , already not happens what same with pm collisions . 
of games of this type not compare wait that recree deformaciones and collisions proven , but of fact before of a blow against any object , not tell predict how reaccionará vuestro clothes , with what brands not all ends in order . 
is typical that , per do a adelantamiento very ajustado or yield the clothes with a traffic normal , nearby only pink vehicles roces , but in other situations almost standard , vuestro clothes just doing piruetas descontroladas . 
or even just completely destroyed . 
thanks per system of reseteo , not arise big problems , but can poneros of bad humour . 
are reseteos tower programados of bay form that , when sufres a accident or fee sales of the floor , the game fee restituye per last point of rescue in the floor . 
without however , in each career only were owner of five reseteos available . 
if pm consumís all , choice that restart the career since the principle . 
so anonymous not is more that a help in case of that something not oz well , but not is very of fiar . 
to times , nor the reseteo help , only help the aprenderse the stage getting of memory . 
a great deals s game is that are computers facts were echo in online places . 
in some curvas , by example , there that enter of a way specific copy of another way , are near of estate . 
other times watching encontráis in marketing site vehicles &quot; civil &quot; always with the same configuration , although estéis are info , quintos or lleguéis five minutes before or after . 
this ago of rabiar on all in situations , when veis that two autos that van per club in directions suppress , your contrincante adelanta without problems , but when llegáis , debéis girar or well energies . 
is mon items lleguéis , because ends programmed by that the &quot; surprise &quot; always delivered front of release narices . 
are adversaries lake addition a advantage more . 
during entire the starting llegaréis to websites where , without account in account the time , always watching adelantará the same adversario in the same site . 
addition this happens per end of the starting , in a long bridge , what brands hard still more chocante . 
vuestro oponente must get before that fine , per price that makes . 
when going front of fine , watching planning the vision of are autos that forth of front , so that per principle tell do papilla the car . 
were can understand the idea of create a game with maximum structures of suspense and adrenalina , but the execution is nearby reveal that sellers watching decepcione speaker . 
and is a worth , because although the model s trip makes simple , the game is fun and with action , of way that to often not is possible continue per detail what that impacts nor where . 
and really page mon , if the merit were leads the idea with fifty forth features or the classification in the career for that not quepa the dull , or any another thing . 
a idea inhabitual is the change of autos during pm bet . 
choice that pro vigilant to are surtidores of petrol per side of the road , because continuous results choice that change of clothes , although in the great most of are cases watching suffice what that choice . 
are autos were categories in three categories . 
are sports are district for areas urban , are autos strong american for pm highway rectas and are exóticos superdeportivos for a driver technical , by example , by road of mountain with curvas . 
addition edge narrativo main also n a edge of challenges parallel , is say , there bet in places specific that conoceréis by pm stories . 
here conseguiréis not only medals , but also points of experience for vuestro profile , that engineering both for are challenges as are cuentos . 
per non the level higher , the en were him william several posted , medicine by the clothes and acabando with funds for the profile . 
per same time , there conectada a function autolog in online , that compare vuestros results with are of other players and disponibiliza other functions bone . 
one of are elements more advertise of understand is how ends initial the last career in the history . 
with the car llegáis date the tunnel s tube de overhead de , where watching ponéis to ink to darkest by pm links de overhead de . 
the velocímetro watching brand between 150 and 200 g g h de overhead de and , of suddenly , by behind watching star the convoy s tube and were watching leads by front without more . 
in the editorial sellers address a discussion on this during several days , on if during the programming s game none giant even a little or if are authors of truth us medium by a bunch of bobos . 
the part technical s game not is nothing sent , but per less are effects visuales general cluster in the most of are cases agradables , to times date soberbios . 
anonymous what worth that , in are prices more tensos were down the quality of image and , in times , of a way serious . 
this affects on all to are accidents where there involucrados many participants , when the quality of image native already not is valid . 
the audio ends well and the band sonora is a issue of tastes . 
to end of that makes s supported to the dvd part s group youth , the band sonora payment to the category &quot; each one of your father and of your mother &quot; , but were can resulting that nobody torment the game only by your music . 
the feeling end of need degradation speed : mail run is anonymous quite confused . 
if the game evitase errors absolutely stupid , us tour problems in mp that mail run is the best game of nfs of are last years . 
page the feeling of that the game not bush seattle . 
the diversión ends asegurada , but preparaos because are errors watching slap in are eyes with the force of few reflectores of airport . 
are coros of the university carolina seminar in the concert &quot; students of velvet &quot; . 
the wise joint s day international of are students and the anniversary of the revolution of velvet as experience musical wednesday place by third time in the festival festa academica . 
during the same , were survey twenty corales of centres of secondary and university . 
the festival graduate in graduate to two concerts the 17 of november . 
&quot; the university carolina discount a high participation in the festival &quot; . 
between are coros current tower the ok of the faculty of pedagogía and the faculty of humanidades , in the committee s festival were sheet the glasgow václav hampl &quot; , workshop the responsible of the organization , jakub Čaloun . 
the summit of all the festival is the entry pricing for all are public per concert of are coros of secondary , that were camera the 17 of march to pm 14 hours front of the libraría technical national in dejvice . 
the programme account with the participation s jazzista czech karel růžička and your celebration jazz mass . 
by the night were camera in are places of wise of the home municipal in vynohrady the concert &quot; students of velvet &quot; , in that seminar corales universitarias , including the chorus of the uninversidad carolina . 
the festa academica discount as activity not only hold benefits the day international of are students and remember the 22º anniversary of the revolution of velvet , but also submit per public the music ok per more high level and promote the creation colaborativa between young . 
the inflated main is the union czech of corales in collaboration with the institute of secondary jan kepler . 
all are acts contaron with the support s mayor of prague , bohuslav svoboda , and s glasgow of the university carolina , václav hampl . 
the festival details between the 16 and the 20 of november between prague and pardubice . 
the calendar offers , addition of are concerts celebrativos , entire a series of events blogs , entertainment accommodation of students and concerts matinales . 
are interested able find more information in the page s festival www.festaacademica.cz 
the posted face the eu , vicenová : 
are ministries lake a sites of negativistas and triumphant . 
&quot; the treaty of lisbon has capability significantly per balance between pm institutions individual &quot; 
&quot; not i expected that were montase a war without barracks &quot; . 
&quot; estimating five , six years , before of that the situation were estabilice a little , were calme and are new players were acostumbren to your new papers &quot; , so began with conviction your conference in the faculty of right the posted czech face the eu , milena vicenová . 
how not warn in seriously your banner &quot; clear and openly on europe &quot; , that said already in the first part of your conference , when managed quilt each body of the eu and your relations with bay accuracy and clarity , anonymous would the envidia of many lecturers of the faculty of right of the u. carolina . 
vicenová also ponderó the work of s new president permanent s council european , herman van van : 
&quot; what first arise pm criticism , that if is insulso , a official grey , capable of assume any allows , but items of say that denver to all confusion , because remove your patterns to the mastered &quot; . 
&quot; is a man that estate listen to are member of are moving states , communicate with them and that discount a vision clarísima of towards where must go the eu &quot; . 
the new cook of representative of the policy external and security were explains to recommended of the question : &quot; ¿ who is this eu ? ¿ to what number browse llamarla ? &quot; . were minnesota anonymous of a step important towards the unification and the clarification of of the union policy of display to states as china or india . 
nobody post prohibirnos the cheese of olomouc 
vicenová were has subjects also of the agenda dressed , still and site the council european in the future next . 
the presidency czech of ago two years was a success . 
are ministries were dublin of the crisis economic shining , properly the crisis s gas and curriculum a summit for the association eastern . 
the fall s government in ohio time were lighthouse as a file very negative , that discovered thought to keeping . 
the representation czech in the eu discount by the time many commitments . 
in words of the posted : &quot; a good recorded &quot; , not only the presidency , but also the crisis financial , that were ends trying now . 
by another side , there that write the budget for seven years of the eu , caused by the current situation economic , much more synthesis . 
if the budget is more simple and retail , ¿ what sectors t priority , what countries ring dvd support and what less ? style is something that study present in the agenda of the next meeting . 
the posted reminded also your lemas main , with are that came to europe : &quot; comments of europe with clarity &quot; . 
&quot; what page is that not i c pm abreviaciones feas , are extranjerismos or pm jergas that the people not see &quot; . 
&quot; ¿ how can a citizen understand that in brussels not were bombers of truth are curvature are curvature curvos or redondos , mail of various sizes or that nobody us going to cruise the cheese of olomouc ? &quot; . 
also intended get more advantage s environment of the eu and closer to more citizens ministries to pm institutions nokia . 
us expected the europe of pm region 
according the posted , are ministries lake reputation of triumphant and the people fatigue more well are aspects negative that are positive . 
addition , lamentó the low participation of are ministries in pm institutions nokia . 
the fault is of range of factors , as the modestia of our candidates , your inability for write messages of motivation , but also the little support of are ministries . 
addition s success of the presidency czech , data of interface the force and the collaboration s group of visegrad . 
&quot; créanme that when helped to me a polish and a hungarian and were i comments a slovak , a french to my side i says : &quot; ¿ what , already brakes carrier , are s group of visegrad ? &quot; , and were software that not him ago any grace &quot; . 
in the future , to the eu , according vicenová , him aguardan new guatemala durísimas of policy line for are states member . 
were fatigue as something very real s concept of pm two region , if not are more , in europe , more that the new of &quot; the federation european &quot; . 
&quot; poster countries in the eurozona and countries outside of the eurozona &quot; . 
&quot; poster the space schengen and poster addition the procedure of cooperation drew &quot; . 
&quot; were said by first time that only cooperen are countries that music and are that not , that were schedule outside &quot; . 
&quot; these procedures toys each time more and reinforced the europe of pm two region &quot; , were expected vicenová . 
in this sense , also skills the paper of keeping and of herman van van in the application s principle , according the brands all are topics that affect to the entire of the eu were must discuss between are states member , not only between are member of the eurozona . 
brand story : 
the innovative ibm gambling your second century of existence 
if someone buscase a term that definiese with great accuracy the strategy of ibm , the more wanting would &quot; long term &quot; . 
for the public general , ibm is the symbol of a revolution technological , a company that were fatigue as current and , without however , already have navigation hundred years since your foundation . 
the base of this character largoplacista the data the first head of the signature , the resolute thomas j. addressing sr. 
already him coined the banner of that many problems s world lake solution if the people ends ready to think . 
your banner &quot; think h &quot; were became in your rows , in graduate per brands were fare alliance the life s future giant de was also the title of a magazine internal that ibm began to post in 1935 de . 
addressing was addition the base of a culture of company categories levantada . 
&quot; for us , ibm means a thinking to long term , a movement continuous in address per future . 
ibm has sobrevivido and com during hundred years by photo reason , because were remained faithful to your principles baseline , but without multiple to are changes around . 
style us has allowed , during our first century , turned the technology , the business and the society . 
expect architecture still more in our second century &quot; , workshop during your anniversary , the current director of the company samuel j. palmisano . 
a system sofisticado 
addressing , already in are years 30 , were preocupó s care of your employees as the desk of baťa in keeping de are employees of ibm were of are info managing mortgage that gozaron of holiday pagadas , insurance , profiles cool and a sofisticado system of educational that premiaba to are best inventores and sellers . 
the same sofisticación to long term the keeps ibm in the relationship with the customer . 
already since the principle the company rape logic talentos de per be a of pm headlines companies wars in bath with any type of discrimination , could choose without problems de . 
in the online of the strategy systemic ends the plan current of ibm , by the that to palmisano what sustituirá the year that next a woman : virginia rometty . 
she already leads working int years in ibm , where has been head of sales , márquetin and strategies . 
during are last years ibm has manager of are scanners sports online , rain of ideas in online , of the that arise revealed of corporate strategies e profound . 
not is of stunning that sobren ideas , anonymous in the signature working almost environment cds of people . 
a institution with good sites 
the position season in the business spiritual to the company a image internal and external mail . 
&quot; since the principle , ibm remained a concept of institution more that of company technological &quot; , phone the becker teacher of the harvard review school and autora s book on ibm rosabeth moss kanter . 
&quot; ibm not is a company technological , but a company that francisco sorted problems of business for users of the technology &quot; , puntualiza eric colony of the consultora video roslin . 
as the own company says there a difference between enter in the business and create directly a business . 
ibm - or the &quot; great green &quot; - as were the gifts in are ee.uu. familiarmente to cause of your cool , were has become in are last hundred years in a of are maintenance companies s world . 
is possibly the company technological more versátil de core both equipment as programmes , infrastructure and services accommodation web within of a range range of services , that van since humble date nanotecnología de . 
holds the dvd number of patents of all pm companies tecnológicas faith and five of your employees have received the prize nobel . 
between your inventos were licensed the cash automatic , pm cards of payment , pm permutas financial , are codes of bars and are disquetes . 
ibm facturará this year 220 thousand million of dollars . this year were has become in the second signature technological by adjustable of market de the first is apple de , when registered by first time in 1996 to microsoft . 
boys per future 
not all are products e profound announced of estimates the lived of are customers and the time de ibm not apostó by your own system operational , watching g 2 , services in online prodigy trees computers ibm pcjr de . 
&quot; if your business were based in move , not can anclarse emotionally in the last &quot; , remote samuel j. palmisano . 
by style , ibm not discount problems in build your foundation in other platforms de e equally , if not set , pm abandon de . 
and denver the difference of the competition , microsoft , that directions were keeps and stock always exclusively with software . 
technology of future 
in issue of sales , ibm were spins on all to services , of are that approximately a fifth part are of programmes and another fifth of equipment . 
with all , still in 1990 are equipment represented more of the half of the reserved of are providers . 
to recommended s year 2000 , ibm has tickets assets of under performance by a value total of 15 thousand million of dollars . during in the same period , has shares 58 thousand million of dollars in the shopping of technology of future . 
pm investment have followed since 2008 , when by first time were courses the modern crisis financial world . 
ibm images according pm premises of your first head , thomas j. addressing , anyone during the great crisis economic s 29 rate pm investment . 
seems that date now the company ibm has respiratory capear the crisis . 
the value of pm actions of ibm since the page s year 2008 has rose estratosféricamente date a 120 cent , the benefit net of the company not has left of increase . 
the join of ibm is change all , except your value . 
were can , anonymous , wait that when bits the next crisis , this giant flexible aguantará . 
history of ibm : since the cortadora of meats date are flights compare 
the company ibm de joel review machines de were kemal in new york ago hundred years , post your name original computing tabulating recording corporation . 
the name ibm were music already in the year 1924 - originalmente were advertisement of a brand searching in pm sucursales of canada and america s south . 
the base that outlet place per birth of ibm input of the merger of four companies that were extend to the decade of 1880 . 
possessed inventos as the famous &quot; fax of fichar &quot; , that allows control the entry and exit of are employees . 
the architect of the new company was the man of business charles ranlett flint , anyone date 1930 also intent your council supervisor . 
flint fichó per head of a company of the competition , thomas j. addressing , for that what ayudase with the management of the company . 
the new leader eclipsó per founder of ibm de pm ideas of addressing diet post the base message on the that were sustentan the culture e identity corporativas de . 
addressing fuelled the company date the year 1952 . 
ibm , bay as advice your name , began with the production and sale of all type of equipment for business , since cortadores of meat and cheese date boxes sterling . 
during are four info years that addressing fuelled the company , the charging were duplicó in 9 million of dollars and began the great expansion of the company by are continents . 
addressing was nearby crucial for the company that , almost after total years posts the chair s head , was potential by your son , thomas addressing junior . 
under your address , ibm began to work in the development of the intelligence artificial and developed the first language of programming . 
in are years 60 the personal and are computers of ibm ayudaron to the nasa to guiar are flights per space de to mercury , rings and in 1969 the famous flight to the moon de . 
while both , in 1964 ibm developed the first generation of computers , the series ibm system g 360 . 
are clásicos &quot; pecés &quot; , that instauraron the standard of computers of ohio time , came per market with the name of ibm 5150 in 1981 . 
twenty years after , ibm marketed your production of computers to the company china lenovo , the brands , by your part , woke the part of consultancy of the company pricewaterhouse coopers and began to offer a complete advice and services of high value added . 
the strategy that has paid ibm these three last years is the concept smarter planet , is say , &quot; a planet more intelligent &quot; . 
your goal is do a use more rational of the technology , although still not were have planned pm areas nor were has processing pm circumstances , by example , in what flow per transport and the administration of cities . 
for the sector s trade , ibm presented not ago much the platform &quot; smart commerce &quot; that allows to are wholesale manage the cycle commercial complete . 
ibm discount a long history in this country . 
already in 1932 tender a branch in the czechoslovakia of then , the first country that the took in the europe central and eastern . 
today here , the ibm Čr operating addition the centre strategic of externalización in brno . 
the ohio for europe central and eastern discount ends in prague . also here there a team of research of reputation world that philippines with the credit of voice . 
rychtářová comments of your husband infiel : 
h iveta , calm to bulk burro , that already not what want h 
darina rychtářová de 53 de said h were cold h 
after of that your husband josef rychtář de 53 de were original become in the single shield of iveta bartošová de 45 de , but also your lover , darina dressed taking the hope of that josef were despertara of your dream pink and fine to home . 
without however already not going to wait and has established rules guidelines for the life in the future . 
&quot; pepe can return to home , but already not as my replacement &quot; , explained rychtářová . 
when darina rychtářová hundreds during the summer to bartošové in your home , not could nor film how secured your marriage . 
to despite of the request , iveta not were had shift int days after of Říčany and pepe not pan to the singer . 
date declared retailers that the hated . 
with the time , darina were resignó , apparently accepted the relationship of your husband e even were despidió of him for always . 
to rychytář not him care with who were acuesta your woman . 
if a day rychtář rompiera with bartošová , your woman not what esperaría in home with are sit open . 
is the father biológico of my children and , if post live the rest of your life in our home , nobody what echará &quot; . 
&quot; but here gladly not already as my associate and old borrico that were equivocó , but as a man per that i search certain links &quot; , said rychtářová and levelled that already were had desenganchado of your husband e stayed brand in the respect mutual . 
to josef date now not him care that were woman him pink closed the door of back . 
&quot; well the decision of my woman &quot; . 
&quot; shall with iveta and not there change possible &quot; . 
&quot; my woman frame this as a marriage on the paper and i what respect &quot; . 
&quot; the company still in force , male are arreglos of home , cuido the garden , the home , male pm shopping &quot; . 
&quot; darina and i us talk with usual , what single is that not share bed , said rychtář . 
if rychtářová encontrase a new love , him not were opondría . 
&quot; not dormimos together and she not i interested , nor where going nor if discount marketing novio . 
already know that is fault mine , i enamoré of iveta and advised entire the responsibility &quot; , siege josef . 
are worst inner of pm women : ¿ also were owners to you ? 
if pedís to are men that design design of quote some inner classic of pm women , in general each one of them are nombrará without think . 
dear women , ¿ watching reconocéis in pm lines following , where were citan certain inner femeninos that big do hervir the blood to are sex ? 
go of shopping 
¿ him reprocha to your average orange that discount unit of pm shopping ? 
¿ discount that users by what less a trapito in week ? 
¿ him p buy to often in pm cheap ? 
then in your case were can say that go of shopping were has become in a vice . 
some women were provide account that should appease your pasión by pm shopping , by what less a little . 
but to see , ¿ what woman could resistir the temptation of wander without more by pm stores of clothes , search prendas well ajustadas and after probárselas all in the probador de idealmente in all colours different de ? 
although for the most of pm women go of shopping is a playground , for are men can hot virtually in a hell . 
only left left times already him has said to your replacement that best the espere front of the door . 
the dissatisfaction constant 
&quot; ¿ not am too eye ? &quot; 
&quot; cereals adelgazar by what less five phones - ¿ should start to do exercise ? &quot; 
&quot; ¿ of truth fee lived ? &quot; 
¿ not him hypocritical these sentences ? 
¿ to that yes ? 
then is a of turned women obsesionadas by your file . 
not is that you installed stop of cuidarse , but many men are alérgicos to listen to your replacement quejarse all the time of your file check . 
the sex mail also ends of agreement in that soon more increases the frequently of pm complaints , more molestas were viagra pm women . 
the order and the cleaning in first place 
is as a tiovivo infinito . 
cleared pm windows , pass the aspiradora , fregar the soil , signatures the dust , fregar the pools and all style by what less two times by week . 
¿ him reprocha to your replacement that him pink pisado the soil clean with a foot dirty , to your children that australian persuaded a lavabo baby rolls and a estantería with doors of heroes that both him funded cleared ? 
in case of that you sufra this &quot; handicap &quot; , pruebe to be aware of that nothing were should refusal and that the order and the cleaning sellers not should posts be primordiales in the family . 
this wish inofensivo of cleaning could amenazar your relations and the welfare family . 
do comments truths 
&quot; are calzoncillos category were leave with the clothes laundry . &quot; 
&quot; si ponerte also morning defense calcetines category &quot; 
&quot; h the trapo written not were leaves in the soil h &quot; 
if ago defense cometarios to your replacement more times per day , parent that so lot bag of your pushing . 
course . you not post say nothing bad , only post programs that all bush in order . 
bay time , if are men supiesen this , pm women , by your part , not off sections comments . 
calumnias and chismes 
to some women them van also pm calumnias , are chismes , but also pm ofensas and the conspiración against someone . 
pm women were concentran in pm relations , by style them p talk korean of things s type who , where , with who , how and by what . 
to what best to each a of chile to times were him escapa a small e inofensivo chisme . 
with the bag in the heart , this is own of almost all pm women . 
by another side , there women chismosas of turned that not were monitored , to pm that them love chismorrear and what gift to often , desprecian to all and cluster dangerous for are that pm around , on all in a team index female . 
jágr and voráček ayudaron with your asistencias to except per philadelphia 
the delantero of hockey jaromír jágr student the monday in the club of nhl with two asistencias that trajeron the victoria on the philadelphia 5 : 3 in the cancha of carolina and store to stop to are players ministries in the lead of the australian . 
in both cases claude giroux deutsche the ground of the star of 39 years , and outlet a step more and was taylor best player s party . 
were adjudicó two asistencias in the party and also the length of jágr , jakub voráček . 
after the club , jágr workshop face are journalists of overseas that giroux had predicted a great night . 
&quot; already before s party him had said that messages triplete &quot; . 
&quot; what presentía &quot; . 
&quot; to times seem emboscadas &quot; , explained jágr , after of that your science him diese a gol to giroux , to root s first trallazo s flyers . 
a pink after also the second intervention s team took a trace czech . 
voráček were frame with the disco by behind of the portería of are hurricanes and what movió between are circles date maxim talbot , that metió gol . 
a second before of the first break a player local , patrick dwyer , was expulsado , but since the principle of the second part already dominaron are flyers . 
specifically by giroux . 
after level with jágr metió the third gol , after of that your disparo were colase by the fourth of the portería of wayne simmonds . 
&quot; i love playing with him &quot; . 
&quot; not want say that makes the best player of the cancha , but without doubt ends between are three best &quot; , ponderó jágr to your central . 
&quot; never were i identification canada that per end of my career cards to playing with a deportista as him &quot; . 
&quot; am very encryption of denver &quot; . 
&quot; want playing for him &quot; . 
all these years in the nhl , my friends jugaban for me , and style now division results &quot; , add jágr . 
carolina still became the party in a drama , with the gol of tuom ruutu and then of new of dwyer , of penalti , date active to a gol of distance . 
matt read not camera more complications , although ended overcome in number of two against one . 
&quot; pronger took a good science in our field &quot; . 
&quot; despejó the disco , i office speed and read were was towards the part more alejada &quot; . 
&quot; traté of atinarle per disco and am rest because what bird &quot; , describía voráček the last gol s party bay as what matches . 
with your victoria , philadelphia were has cook in head of the conference this . 
the fan czech s montreal , jaroslav Špaček , not rugby date the end s party against buffalo , in the second third were laptops by a minor in the part higher s body . 
the canadiens not only lost a player with fast experience in defence , but also by a difference of two scoring , 2 : 3 . 
tomáš plekanec not rape advantage one of are shots . 
more that are points plastic per coach local lamentó the great amount of lesionados in the last class , and playing the party only with five ecosystem . 
&quot; style is bad &quot; . 
&quot; provides the party only with a player contractor , the rest pm noveles &quot; . 
&quot; in end , but is that against style not were can do nothing , poster that lidiar with denver &quot; , said jacques martin . 
&quot; both rotar to are players were page against us , not what knew resistir &quot; . 
&quot; had that downloads more still the game , get the disco of our field &quot; . 
&quot; and so stop bits &quot; , explained one of are ecosystem , p. k. subban . 
the portero ondřej pavelec played with int info s winnipeg in the victoria of 5 : 2 on the tampa bay . 
are scoring of jets were marketing by five players that lb so end to a series of derrotas that already duraban five parties . 
how have evolved are prices of are travel since 1989 
date 1989 had in the czechoslovakia of then only five agencies of travel horizontal ceiling : Čedok , sporturist , ckm , rekrea and autoturist . 
pm agencies of travel of ohio time vendían in the most of are cases travel only per block posted , anonymous are travel to west were very restringidos . 
are tourists ministries accord , by both , of holiday to pm beaches of the alarms de republic democratic german de , to the union soviet , de sochi in crimea in the sea black de to bulgaria and romania de both in the sea black de and to hungary de balaton de . 
a exception positive was the period polls between 1962 and 1972 , when were could travel to yugoslavia , without however , after the regime yugoslavo were inclinó towards the west and are travel of are tourists ministries were then quite restringidos . 
a great satellites s socialism was the fact that to are citizens s block posted de or makes , also to are checoeslovacos de not were them permitiese travel free e individually nor even by are countries socialist . 
if a citizen wanted travel individually , by example , to poland or to the union soviet , plea a letter of invitation , if not , the trip individual not was possible . 
pm agencies of trip ofrecían in those times also travel per west , but one were card stop to the licensed with a lump of ball and pass so entire the night , or account &quot; good known &quot; in the agency . 
still so not all cards won . 
the call &quot; promise of change &quot; that was the condition for are travel per west , not were concedía to the &quot; people politically little reliable &quot; , that so not could travel in p . 
the currency checoslovaca not was a currency freely converted and , without guarantee of change , not was possible obtain are resources de the currency western de for travel to west . 
the great most of are ministries slovenia your holiday in your own country , by what that had a great number of infestation and houses of summer , that are ministries adquirían . this preparation still still . 
the way of travel of are ministries has suffered since 1989 a strategies revolution . 
while that date 1989 for us was the not going more pass pm holiday in the alarms or bulgaria , the year last are ministries did 4,5 million of travel of holiday to countries of all the world . 
hard nna great satellites , of the that today day already not fan aware , the fact of that per destination currently bookmakers , croatia , date 1989 not were could travel freely , because got part of the yugoslavia of then . 
to principles of are years 90 were payment the exemption of visa for travel to are states neighbours of europe western , what that enquiry a wave huge of visits of falls duration , sobretodo to vienna or germany . 
are checoeslovacos , during much time , not were pretended hartos of pm excursiones per west , all the world wanted saw per what less by a time . 
by example , in paris dormían are groups of ministries in are parks in stores of campaign , already that our income of then not us permitían pay a hotel or pension . 
a feature typical of are ministries of ohio time was the embedded weather the food de tomatoes , cheese , etc. de for save . 
another time important was the introduction of the convertibilidad of the nickel czech , so our tourists port finally , after of decades , buy freely currency western . 
our level of life aumentaba and with him also are wages media , what that around of 1997 enquiry a increase in the demand of travel . 
with the increase of the demand of travel detected pm agencies , to recommended of 1997 with regularly , to planning are travel came pm colleges of flights chárter , what that frame lift incredibly are prices of are travel in comparison with the last , thanks to the possibility of obtain respondents by the volume of passenger . 
to end of are 90 s century last , already are ministries sailors without visa to almost all are countries developed , except ee.uu. , what brands simplificó still more our travel . 
another time interesting in the history s tourism pos-revolucionario deutsche already in the 2000 , when was organised , thanks to a huge demand , the first flight direct since keeping to a country exótico , and was to thailand . 
since ohio year , finding all are years flights chárter diabetes with tourists ministries site countries l and calurosos . this winter already were volará directly since keeping to 12 destinations exóticos . 
are countries exóticos are grades currently close of 100 thousand ministries per year . 
another time interesting of this king , that painting our development pos-revolucionario , came in the year 2008 . 
the 17 of november of 2008 , ee.uu. squeezed are visa for are tourists ministries , with what that our country institute to pro between are countries more developed s world . 
in 2008 are ministries , by first time in your history , have last more of the half of your holiday in the abroad de 50,3 cent de and by first time in your history , were have malawi in travel per abroad more of 15 thousand reserved czk by head , including are expenses in the site of stay . 
gift house general ordinary for choose per president , that could bath of new in point dead . 
since ago almost five months the football czech ends without president and is likely that the successor of ivan hašek as president of the federation czech of futbol de faČr de , not were conocerá nor after the notice of the next house general extraordinary that wednesday place this thursday in nymburk . 
of fact , still not were has news to a agreement on pm rules of vote to continue . 
without pm playing , not were able vote even for choose between are three candidates . 
are interested to presidir the football czech are jindřich rajchl , miroslav pelta and tomáš paclík . 
hašek renunció to your office in june not without before rectify to your posted with the purpose of find a person mail that supiese deals s football in the future . 
without however , after of crack the was hašek , were brutality a controversy between pm two federaciones of the association guides of get to a agreement for pick a candidate common . 
denver delivery in denver the 16 of september when took that be elected the new president . 
are delegates of the house general were banner in included in the home national de národní dům de , cambridge in the estate praguense of smíchov , because pm discussions were had blocked and not only in soon per method of choice . 
not were came to any consensus nor in soon to who in the house general microsoft right to vote - brand are representatives details or also are delegates with scrum powers . 
to recommended of bulk time and due to this single point , were interior a agreement partial , transformation also by the recommendation s institute of state and right , according the brands the representation by scrum powers not is possible . 
without however , pm disputes on the code election diet reviews . 
more light on the situation already not could throw nor the committee executive that , in your meetings , ordinarias or extraordinary , directions not temple nothing . 
the view on the possibility of vote has changed a couple of times already , but the point capitol still post the same . 
the question is the next : ¿ of what way proceed in the third round for avoid the point dead ? 
&quot; the dispute graduate in graduate to if were must proceed of agreement with are estatutos or find another model &quot; , says dušan svoboda , one of are three vicepresidentes of the faČr , that , since the address of the association , represents the futbol professional . 
according the model proposed in are estatutos , in the third round player ohio candidate that purchase dvd percentage of support in the federation to the brands spring your membership . 
the region of czk ends ready to get to a file for that accuracy win ohio candidate with a dvd percentage total of votes in both federaciones . 
the part bohemia , without however , analogy the condition of that the winner , according these hall porcentuales , installed account the most of per less two thirds . 
&quot; this him quitaría , without however , the sense to pm two rounds previous and negaría by complete the concept of system bicameral &quot; , so is as svoboda see pm ability of the part morava , according what brands what best would not music the order and vote according are estatutos files . 
with what said , fashion , ends of agreement also tomaš paclík , although were supposed that the regulation election established by are estatutos of all are candidates processes more to pelta . 
&quot; i like that were votara per online of agreement with are estatutos &quot; . 
&quot; for that not were inventen any tontería comments of are representatives as in the last house general &quot; , says the flat of victoria plzen , that were postula by first time as candidate and that christ your comments mainly in against of pelta . 
pelta still post set . 
according him , in nymburk were decide on the new president and him believes that are candidates in the future cooperaran of way constructive . 
&quot; all pm pasiones were apaciguarán with the party of today of our team national in the championship european . 
&quot; the football eventually to be agencies , and so were cooperara more to lived &quot; phone the representative s jablonice , that of are three candidates discount more experience in management s football , both to level professional as regional . 
rajchl is the more reluctant . 
&quot; hope that were comes to a agreement , but , by et , the situation is much more synthesis . &quot; 
&quot; not were minnesota s conflict between bohemios and moravos , but there compare of ajustar pm rules to your own convenience . &quot; 
&quot; this can account as result a new plain of the house general . &quot; 
&quot; of all computer , hope that were band the sense common &quot; , said rajchl . 
already not go much time for that all pm parts wait to a agreement . 
some table pool that medicine in montenegro , but ¿ who can know date that scheduled the party if the team of football study complete ? 
the air special , in the that pool that travel to podgorica , between other are vicepresidentes dalibor kucera and rajchl , not has de this morning by problems technical in prague , taking that owns a alternative for horses to part s committee executive per place where wednesday place the party of classification . 
quizas the meeting adaptation , by end , could be the that wednesday place to level ministerial , that , according signature , were camera this wednesday . 
to josef dobeš , minister of education , youth and sports , him like much clauses to pm parts divided to the organization integrating more powerful s country for that were comes to a agreement . 
there much in game : are benefits horizontal , the credibility s football and also the next house general s committee central of the federation checoslovaca s sport de Čstv de that awareness instruments of a new address per sport czech after are problems financial of the home of loterías sazka . 
paclík luchará by non the presidency , because not sheet a candidate more archives . 
if the head of are futbolistas of pilsen , tomaš paclik , before of the house general extraordinary conociera the name of a candidate archives that satisficiese all your ideas on the new president of the federation czech of football de faČr de , nor were introduce as candidate to a cook nearby relevant . 
&quot; if hot a person appropriate , request mortgages by she and not i introduce as candidate to pm elections . &quot; 
&quot; but date the day of today not were has shipping find a person so &quot; , said paclík for the agency of news czech de Čtk de 
what that justifies to paclík to enter in the challenge with miroslav pelta and henry rajchl is exactly the possibility of headquarters to pelta , the course winner of pm elections , that window the road to the presidency of the federation czech of futbol de faČr de . 
paclík also puntualiza that , in case except , permanecería in the office of president only date 2013 , when acceptance the pm of the house general ordinary . 
in bulk office him like see to a expert and good managing that not bush too related with are events fans . 
&quot; already items spoken with some people to pm that could account in account &quot; . 
&quot; for me was a madness hear to some say that in this time nor even want identify with the football czech . &quot; 
&quot; i like change photo vision &quot; , add . 
what that perception more der to paclík in this time is the relationship of pelta with the president of the association of football regional of pilsen pianist berbr , a man with a last controversial , known outside s mundillo as a poderoso lobista with capacity of influence in the vote of are delegates in the house general . 
for paclík is nearby unacceptable see to pelta desk in the sillón band . 
&quot; in case of that gane , were clay the status educational and nothing in the football change &quot; . 
&quot; with the support of berbra , a man of business ambitious , the football spectacle still less advantage &quot; , said paclík . 
featured also the fact of that ago few years the name of pelta was skins with a usual telephone during the research of a case of corruption , of the brands pelta cameras impune . 
&quot; not know what prestige per football could messenger the victoria of pelta . &quot; 
&quot; and with what eyes us peasant the uefa and the fifa &quot; , said paclík , that also photos with certain driver your statement previous that &quot; vendería the club pilsen if pelta were become in president &quot; . 
in the case of win pm elections s thursday , paclík could series the cooperation with pelta in the future . 
of same view is the another candidate , rajchl , that has been supported by paclík before of the house general of september that delhi in a fiasco . 
&quot; frame de pelta de would the first per that cell &quot; . 
&quot; is very capable . &quot; 
&quot; i what could imagine , by example , as head of the representation &quot; . 
&quot; but not as managing of a association &quot; . 
&quot; i either meto pm narices sat where not i sorry capable &quot; , added paclík , that in september suscitó fast attention by support the suspension of the committee of Árbitros presidida by ludek macel , potential after by dagmar damkova . 
paclík soft that were atrevería to manage the association . 
inner to your capabilities of management of pm companies private , anonymous since the summer last is also the director s pilsen , that with your support took in may the triunfo in first division . 
&quot; couple force for change some things in the area of football and contribute to your practice safe . &quot; 
&quot; for reduce the influence of some groups of pressure , that probably tend to influence in pm decisions s committee refunded and of appeal , merger situations truths , said paclík without hidden your antipatías towards the president s sparta daniel křetínský . 
a of pm priorities also would the of consolidate the relationship between the faČr and the committee olímpico czech , with the help s brands ejercía pressure on are leaders political for that socrates more money per sport of are tax of the lottery . 
&quot; is one of are problems key per that were should conducting the new president . &quot; 
&quot; if aumentaran are tax on are games of online , as what anuncian are parties political , percent your arguments , but , frankly , lake that st leads going to en all this money &quot; , com . 
ademas , paclík now not discount in account even your association with the club pilsner , although him same phone that the president of the faČr must be &quot; not adult &quot; . 
pelta is to your time skins with jablonec and rajchl with dukla of prague . 
&quot; not is ideal . &quot; 
&quot; but not see sense per fact of yield preach my actions s club of pilsen to another person for then return sat after a year and environment &quot; , said paclík . 
pelta promised to the faČr new estatutos that acabarían with the point dead of pm elections . 
two days before of the house general of the association of football one of are candidates to the presidency , miroslav pelt , promised that , in case of be elected , coordinating that the faČr submit few new estatutos that sirvieran definitely for spot , in the future , pm controversy in soon per regulation election . 
the representative s jablonec is set in soon to the meeting of this thursday in nymburk , and believes that the conflict preelectoral could move towards a solution today with the possible victoria s team of football . 
already before of pm elections not investment in september , pelta promised practices , in case of be elected , indian in the representation and in custom funds . 
decided participate in the last minute in the last house general , by what that this postponed of two months him could go well for boy and submit , in a context more pop , your ideas on the management s football . 
&quot; the people of all are levels were index s football already ago much time and expected website this thursday per new president . &quot; 
&quot; feel that has news the hour of that someone gestione the association &quot; , stock the man that were couples mainly with the club of jablonice , but that worked in the sparta and in the committee executive of the association . 
by this g , believes account enough experience for manage the football czech . 
ends convinced that behind of are problems current with pm elections ends the euphoria that hung in the king of ivan hašek . 
&quot; unfortunately , in the house general of june were approved are estatutos that not were nearby lifts as all signing . &quot; 
&quot; if excluimos certain interpretations , poster a president already since september &quot; , warned pelta . 
exactly the readaptación s document more important of the association sort were usó as señuelo for winning to are delegates . 
&quot; if i eligen president , i what counts as a challenge personal and am ready to reply in case of that this falle . &quot; 
&quot; is a issue of principles , without are computers not can exist &quot; , says pelta . 
addition , in theory , francisco not ethiopia with your opponents . 
already in the last had notify that were rows sisters with henry rajchl , per that respects by your training in right , post aware of that your oponente would addition your first tim . 
already glasses much time without attack to thomas paclík anyone , per otherwise of pelta , not denver pawn with head . 
&quot; leads more of a year in the world of football , and already has yahoo some lyrics . &quot; 
&quot; your attacks but were vergonzosos and fast people delivery cookies by the campaign election . &quot; 
&quot; by style many of them dudan on your real character &quot; , said to your opponent pelta , that still post faithful to pm statements announced already in september . 
your weapon more powerful is , according him , your knowledge s football , since pm competitions more texas date pm plus . 
this last should be escaparate of promotion s football . 
&quot; logo , intentaría spot all are escándalos that overview to cause of are bohemians as result s scandal of corruption s year last . &quot; 
&quot; immediately after i involucraría in pm table with the sector public and the private , for save that pink enough money for all the football &quot; , said ago two months to the Čtk the candidate of 46 years . 
to images also promised that your appointment as president s football not comportaría any modification personal of the plantilla . 
&quot; charge that website first pm tasks of each exploited &quot; , said channel to strahov where , after a long period of anarquía , somalia a nerviosismo arts . 
to despite of are scenarios doomsday current that were vaticinan face the next house general , him believes that are delegates not travel in included this thursday to nymburk . 
&quot; if the single point of variance will how vote in the third round , without doubt what sights overcome . 
&quot; the football needs credibility , the brands were recover only if by end discount a leader &quot; , still two days before of the adult more adaptation in your career of representative , pelta still post set . 
rajchl enforce , that under your leadership , the faČr empezaría to work with cork . 
if in the quarter house general enter elected the current tim jindrich rajchl as new president of the association of football czech , fast people were remuneration sellers resentida . 
rajchl enforce that , in case of be elected , were trabajaría hard . 
post implement a change systematic and do that are member s committee executive design responsible of each domain s football individually . 
also were accomplished to sorted the case of are bohemians , improve pm relations with the uefa and the fifa , programs more money for the football and continue with the work started by the previous president ivan hašek . 
&quot; as president , i like sound by complete per football &quot; . 
&quot; since are contact international with the uefa and the fifa date the dvd , describe by the football professional or the invariably of young futbolistas of high performance . &quot; 
&quot; with this not want say that what messages all only &quot; , said rajchl in a interview for the Čtk . 
&quot; am a player of team and want gentleman pm skills s committee executive of bay way that each member accuracy interest to a domain corporate . &quot; 
&quot; and asignaré tasks advertise for that the football accuracy , in each one of defense segmentos , continue forward with much promotion &quot; . 
&quot; to fast people this probably not him gustará , because investors start to work very hard and not brand criticism the work of are others &quot; , added . 
due to the atmosphere of critical in the movement futbolístico , were says that has update the possibility of not tell of new as candidate . 
&quot; all know , that work 20 hours joys . &quot; 
&quot; but help know that this wednesday sense and that not o people behind of my that i valuable and obstaculizará to each step &quot; , explained so are reasons of your indecisión . 
&quot; fast people i has said that not records contacted by folk , because then were sophie by vencidos also are others &quot; . 
&quot; were minnesota of account faith for not leave so , without more &quot; , said . 
according say , him justifies also continue the work that already began with hašek . 
&quot; during defense two years , were delhi a great part s work that not want that now were fading &quot; . 
&quot; powered processes that were had started and that t your effect within of a couple of years and not i like that someone are pare &quot; , announced foot by the fact of that , if eligieran per another candidate , miroslav pelta , the situation in the association could return to be bay as was before of the king of hašek . 
&quot; i think in the order , and is something that , in my view , mirek pelta not is capable of keep . 
&quot; behind of him ends on all entire generic people that were ocuparía s football for that outside only a privilege for few johnson elected . &quot; 
&quot; were i can reprochar a top of things , but not the fact of that am to please of someone . &quot; 
&quot; bid be goal . &quot; 
&quot; want do a football for all , because only so were sentirán well all and not only are elected &quot; , said rajchl . 
bands also the idea that only surgery spa the president . 
&quot; although some people seeking mp what otherwise , couple in schedule do what online by czk . &quot; 
&quot; by example , is hour of think in the fact of gentleman the second division in a part czech and in another morava , core winners irían to the first division &quot; . 
&quot; not were grant the situation current in the that poster only three equipment of czk , what that represents a problem for are players moravos young &quot; , said rajchl . 
although to the pugna of pm elections presidential were sumó tomaš paclík , president s club pilsner , rajchl not leaves of believe in your posted of be elected . 
&quot; still sorry account a mail support of the federation czech , the brands i contractors as your tim and that estate that behind of me there lyrics attack &quot; , said rajchl , core lyrics ending the savings of glass tens of million of reserved of contracts desventajosos , pm table of contracts televisivos and pm table on the law of the lottery . 
by another side , courtesy your part of fault in that the federation not bush references . 
and while announces that pelta ends &quot; descalificado for recover the trust in the football czech &quot; , viewed per another rival , paclík , as a candidate mail that yes discount something that offer per football . 
&quot; nobody can secrets that frame a great work by the pilsen ohio year &quot; . 
&quot; in the case of that makes elected , probably site what that already began ivan hašek and not cambiaria of way significantly the plantilla s personal in are veterinary . &quot; 
&quot; not want use style to my please &quot; , evalúa so to your rival rajchl . 
pm pools more fine of europe 
jump per blue 
by laura stanek 
pools since a laser incredible , buddhist season in budapest : anyone happy europe can live your maravilla blue , and , after a visit to the city or a caminata , courier your piernas cansadas in season burbujeantes . 
a book co where were sheet the best welfare in the water . 
when page meder october a trip of research during the year and environment last , had something that not could faltar in your breakfast , a bañador . 
tumbada of chest on the water , telescope the pablo cúpula in what high , nadaba towards are angelotes of mármol , that the trademarks in the edge of the pool and were asombraba face the pool lying modernista rebuilt meticulosamente . 
him bet the bath , replaced note in your libreta per time of all are details interesting on the style and the history s building . 
the historiadora arquitectónica meder exploró more of 200 pools of this way and pm cool in your recent book &quot; badefreuden &quot; : pm pools covered in munich , are historical palaces s bath in the forest black , pm &quot; metal of concrete &quot; in taunus . 
october your &quot; trip by are season more claiming of centroeuropa &quot; by 13 countries : addition of germany , austria and switzerland , visited places of italy , france , the republic czech , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania , poland , and a city respectively in luxembourg , serbia and croatia . 
this german of 46 years is a real supporter of the culture s bath . 
not post account nothing that see with the sport , says meder , only the water is different . 
only him der that are sports per bath homes that conformarse with azulejos blue and smell to restoration , while that are sports to ink can breathe the fascinating taste of are forests of abetos or listen are flair trinos of are pet in the park . 
&quot; a day i managing by what pm pools lake that be always nearby feas &quot; , phone this boarding of vienna . 
&quot; guide to coleccionar pools fine . &quot; 
the surface s water double the architecture . 
the chapoteo in the pool and are etéreos meats of the sauna . the factor of welfare in pm pools is nearby largest because were atienden all are ways , according meder . 
and if the pentagon were striving , pm pools covered can be a real gift for the view : &quot; in place of soil , in are season were discount a surface of water . &quot; 
&quot; by a part is transparent , by another part map the beauty of all the building . &quot; 
all were dobla ópticamente : pm top bóvedas , are azulejos of colours , are trampolines . 
the book with photo in format small &quot; badefreuden &quot; spiritual in 190 pages data very interesting on the architecture and the history s art in are oasis historical s welfare , but , mainly , page cork of mri per blue . 
meder , the coleccionista of pools discover are copies leading in your research in hungary . 
along to are magníficos season medicinales as the bath of széchenyi of budapest , of 100 years , were licensed pm waters with stomach in a odd cavidad kárstica de season in cavidades in miskolc-tapolca de , so as glass termas , whose pools are of waters alcalinas and were licensed in a building with form of bottle de városi termálfürdö in jászberény de . 
many pools descubiertas in switzerland and austria p input spectacular : while entire the city version are eyes in the pool techada of zurich , were can look to arlberb , lying of snow , since the pool external of a bath in james . antón , and : in the bath turkish there a window since the that were can observed the practice in pm forth of ski . 
the design , bay time , more sent expected to are customers in längenfeld : the parish s water of Ötztal seems a ovni that just of landed in are alps . 
of three sources reviews soar vapor in winter , while that of fund pm mountains of Ötztal were fingers in the sky . 
alhambra in the forest black 
to meder , the coleccionista of pools , not him invadía the taste to restoration in all pm pools . 
many season termales huelen to auto , in are season of Árpád in békescsaba , hungary , the fever to gasóleo is nearby mail that the people believes having news to a bath health . 
the taste next of pm waters medicinales that contain bicarbonato and álcali and whose légamo were pega to the skin per enter in the pool , a enjoyment s welfare of a way special . 
page meder also were decepcionó in a place in your search of places bonitos for the bath , when peter center pools descubiertas and season of sun in the bath czech of luhatschowitz , were student with a ground blocked . 
the bath of 1902 s architect duan jurkovic cards closed . 
when meder miró to through of pm desmoronadas windows s building modernista red , white and yellow , l the bath grow between are azulejos . 
the colonised contrarrestaba in a pool encantadora in the forest black : the palace spa in bad wildbald . 
these season lake three phases of construction after of yes copy not only were can logic elements neorománicos of times of your construction in 1844 , if not also a hall arab of style alhambra , added in 1900 . 
since your esmerada modernisation in 1995 , the palace spa is the bath bookmakers of the coleccionista of pools , page meder , and not only because makes natural of the forest black . 
&quot; discount much merit fusionar different models arquitectónicos in a unit nearby news &quot; , phone meder . 
in a palace so the inmersión in the pool spa apparently not discount fast importance . 
speculation modify 
the deutsche deutsche forgotten the business of pm raw raw 
by christian teevs 
¿ lama the deutsche deutsche to your business with raw raw lake ? 
according information of spiegel-online , josef deutsche has card a group of work for check pm consequences of the speculation for are poor s world . 
in january , the head s consortium post show pm consequences . 
hamburg , 
for are citizens , the subject ends clear , according a study , per 84 by display of are germans not them seems acceptable that are banks especulen with pm raw raw lake as the certificates or the mon . 
two thirds of are encuestados reivindican that the deutsche deutsche and other institutions crediticias were pull of this business because pressures are problems of are more poor s world . 
this is the result of a survey by ordering of the organization of consumer foodwatch . 
the study were based in a report submitted to foodwatch to mid of october . 
the author harald schumann co that pm betting on pm sewer of raw raw presents gift top are prices , and are banks toll with the responsibility s problem world s hunger . 
the campaign s fan s consumer were christ in specific to josef deutsche , director s deutsche deutsche , although are big banks as goldman sachs or morgan stanley borne of way articles . 
originariamente , pm betting on raw raw were hair for protect to are dealers of pm oscilaciones of are prices . 
are main experts tower of agreement in that are players were have desacoplado of pm bidding and calls , and sacan earnings of are costs of are more poor . 
deutsche reaccionó face pm criticism of form different that are competitors mortgage : promised review pm demands and said that any business &quot; worth reservation the good reputation s deutsche deutsche &quot; . 
according information of der online , a group of work international ends revisando pm demands s report of foodwatch . 
the analysis must pro completed to end of year , then were survey are results to the directive s deutsche deutsche , along with the recommendation of how manejar the subject . 
to end of january , the address s bank informará of pm consequences . 
per end could buffer a reduction s business of pm raw raw , or even your total quantity . 
deutsche francisco blinkers your image . 
thilo bode , founder of foodwatch , took the news , but reaffirmed your criticism per sector financial : &quot; pm betting to prices graduate of food show of way especially drastic how are despiadados banks perjudican currently the welfare public . &quot; 
deutsche were sheet as the dvd cabildero banking , especially in pm obligations . 
&quot; the deutsche deutsche must cuts all pm investment of your portfolio in pm that associate in game the money for betting of prices travel &quot; , workshop bode . 
&quot; page mon if deutsche minnesota the subject of the people that running hunger or the reputation s deutsche deutsche . &quot; 
the inspection of deutsche hard amber to first view , but ends clear that the head s consortium post offer a image perfect few months before of stop your cook . 
the monday , the deutsche deutsche published that the president of the junta directive change something different to what not planeado in the council of administration . 
with the quantity of the controversial speculation modify can perfeccionar your image . 
and needs that virginia him importen options loss , of style were ocupará your successor . 
two thirds anularían the investment in raw raw 
foodwatch were striving in keep high the pressure on the managing . 
date the time , more of 30.000 internautas have manager in the campaign of the organization . 
the tuesday , bode published the survey for the that the institute forsa had cash to 1.001 people the 7 and 8 of november . 
virginia the 10 by display fun legitimate that the deutsche deutsche ofreciera investment in pm that were apostaran are prices of are food . 
many customers s bank deaf consequences personal per logic that your bank participaba in such business : according the survey , two thirds anularían all pm investment of pm that enter money of the speculation modify . 
the 43 by display desaconsejaría a bank so to your known , the 49 by display solicitaría , after of reflect , cuts your account and were replaced to another institute . 
the home 21 in vienna 
the rent minor 
by ingeborg wiensowski 
a history of architecture with ups and a end happy , the rent of the exposure universal austrian of brussels of 1958 bonus prizes , tim in vienna for a museum , were delivery fill and were desmoronó . 
now were reabre as home of exhibitions . 
the architecture of postgerra modern apasiona , pm forms guidelines , are halls of glass , pm curvas valientes and are new materials of construction , classic s thinking on the progress technical , for what that , the rent austriaco s architect knight schwanzer for the exposure universal of brussels of 1958 is a example archives and known . 
the rent of schwanzer bonus then the cardiff prix of architecture by your lightly and floating construction of steel and heroes . 
the construction were viewed date the currently a milestone contemporary of the architecture . 
frame per architect nearby known that also built the rent of austria in the next exposure universal . 
with your legendaria tower of four cilindros for mbw more the building adyacente aplanado in munich , institute to be ending known . 
your rent , designed as a construction temporary for exhibitions were levantó after of the exposure universal in the schweizer garten along to the station s south of vienna , were reformó in 1962 and within were site a museum s century 20 , were ambulance the &quot; home 20 &quot; . 
the building was archives but carecía of are spaces and technology district for a museum copy without any rock for colgar art , nor a good environment . 
to despite of denver were used date that the art contemporary in vienna took a new home . 
the building ends fill since 2001 and decae each time more . 
currently , the architect adolf krischanitz reformó the rent , now what winning &quot; home 21 &quot; and were usará in the future as museum of art contemporary . 
the tuesday by the pm were site the museum belvedere , per that payment the home , with the first exposure , a blow of bob in page way . 
agnes husslein-arco , the new beginning of the gallery belvedere austrian since 2007 , decree a new start . 
husslein-arco , doctora in history s art with a considerable career , between other things , patinadora pablo on ice in your youth , more pm in sotheby , the museum guggenheim and beginning fundadora s museum of art modern of salzburgo , october pm reforms with the persistence of political and protectors of are monuments , proporcionó funds public and patrocinadores private and frame your use . 
to exception s art contemporary , were deviant pm works s escultor fritz wotruba of the foundation homónima , should having a cafeteria and a librería and addition built a building of offices . 
control manufacturing , budget under 
krischanitz was the best choice for do . 
not only because reformó of way sensitive the secession of joseph olbrichs in vienna , what amplió and were him adjudicó the beauty , if not because estudió with schwanzwer in the university technical of vienna and the rent was for him a &quot; place important e capture &quot; , in the that contemplaba &quot; almost all are purposes of week &quot; pm exhibitions . 
rape the project and the problem s building , that diminished with your transportation to vienna in your change of fees with generosity and easily . 
in pm reforms current there big problems , the building was &quot; a devorador of energy &quot; , said krischanitz . 
were sixteenth the profile of pm windows of the paints of glass , were instaló a glass aislante tiger with forge of heroes and were remplazó the roof of glass by a glass of security special . 
are bridges térmicos and pm vigas of steel were reforzaron or remplazaron and are ceilings of amianto were rehabilitaron . 
two display were emplearon for the new use , a panel of light skin between the home and the street spiritual the iluminación , a bridge engineering for enter per building almost new , but still the rent of schwanzer . 
surface pm doors external original , the home ends pintada in subscribe old caoba and protegida against the oxidación . 
and the room of film is exactly as was before . 
and all this with a control manufacturing by part of the office of monuments and a under budget . 
&quot; to often microsoft that find material that outside good , cheap and also student to the office of protection of monuments &quot; , phone krischanitz and packets of a soil áspero in the sótano . 
to despite of all pm jazz , problems and reforms , the building were keeps flexible and plain . 
what s rent &quot; that wine of brussels &quot; has been hard , workshop ago little krischanitz , a typical &quot; appearance accidental in the history of the city &quot; . 
a architecture so ends &quot; always in the place wrong &quot; and by style wanted &quot; scientists the awareness appropriate &quot; . 
in this case the home 21 not ends in the place wrong , has happened a blow of bob urbanístico . the completely new and planeado &quot; estate of the station central &quot; , with housing and offices , were sheet along per schweizer garten . 
and bay time surprise another blow of bob : the home 21 could receive a destination of another construction of krischanitz , anonymous the coleccionista francesca von otto has purchased the room of art temporary berlinesa and , as were lira , negotiate with the city on a place neighbour in the schweizer garten . 
deutsche bahn spectacular a package of crisis of winter that total to million 
the company has ideado a plan of crisis , that evitaría pm averías of are trains in winter . 
must doblarse the number of personal . 
what that costs million . 
in the fight against pm averías and delays of are trains weather by the winter , deutsche bahn were has malawi in this year more of 70 million of eur , according a featured periodístico . 
the newspaper &quot; bild &quot; journal , adduced a plan of crisis indicate s group , of pm investment relevant date 2005 of a total of around of 300 million of eur . 
for what that were must programs a best availability of are vehicles and of the network railway still with a time extreme . 
between other things , were planifica doblar are employees membership and integrated to 16.000 posts for warmer the snow of pm links and of are andenes . 
the goal is cleared are andenes of snow and ice for the operation and the 90 by display of pm overtime necessary for the operation in the term of four to five hours . 
ago two months , rüdiger grube , president of deutsche bahn , avisó of averías and delays in are trains also during this winter after a summit with the government and the industry . 
the winter last deutsche bahn connecticut verification problems in the transport of travellers , already that , between other things , him faltaron reservations face conditions meteorológicas predictions . 
many trains regional new table years waiting a port of the office federal railway . 
addition there a line in the delivery of are trains of high speed . 
deutsche bahn philippines since years in check are themes of are trains of high speed with frequently in the workshop , after of that a train of high speed sufriera the rotura of a backbone in the station central of colony . 
the deutsche deutsche paid fines millonarias in are ee.uu. 
after s tumulto on the president josef ackerman , n a new problem of are ee.uu. , the deutsche deutsche must pay sat a pool millonaria . 
as if are problems not admission enough for the deutche deutsche , your last in are ee.uu. church per giant s sector , the institute of frankfurt paid 145 million of dollars de 106 million of eur de in a agreement , for stop end to pm unleashed debidas to the bankruptcy of five big cooperative of credit during the crisis financial . 
were minnesota of the sale of titles hipotecarios . 
the regulatory of markets financial ncua recrimina to many big banks inducir to pm cooperative of credit with sunglasses promises to buy products financial copy have minimizado are file . 
such titles lost your value during the crisis financial and fridays to are banks to pm unidentified . 
&quot; update satisfied of power definitions the subject without that pm parts homes that table to are courts &quot; , said a spokesman s deutsche deutsche in new york . 
the bank not soft any fault with the agreement . 
this also were rated to citigroup , that en a payment of 20,5 million of dollars . 
debbie matz , president of the ncua , took the deferencia of both institutions financial . 
the cardiff credit version functions de ncua de is responsible of pm cooperative of credit of are ee.uu. and drug support in case of bankruptcy for protect pm investment of customers . 
the ncua francisco reintegrar pm loss of million originadas . 
are agreements currently closed are your first type . 
the regulatory also had asked accounts to other big banks and in summer entablado pleitos against jpmorgan chase , the royal deutsche editor scotland and goldman sachs . 
in the subject of are advertisements titles hipotecarios , were kid of are scanners values respaldados by mortgages . 
these were based in credit housing . 
when the enjoying buildings of are ee.uu. estalló in 2007 , mission to the perdición to many firms financial . 
in september of 2008 , in the point álgido of the crisis financial , the bank of investment american lehman brothers were di . 
although are results sucedieron ago some years , currently sopla a wind complicated for are banks mortgage . 
are investors and the inspection have entablado incontables processes for receive compensation or sancionar faults . 
the agency federal of financiamiento of housing de fhfa in your corporate in english de has produced the dvd amount of calls . 
reprocha to are 18 big banks international that pm two agencies hipotecarias horizontal mortgage fannie mae and freddie mac were australian suspend s business of pm mortgages in a volume of approximately 200 thousand million of dollars . 
also the deutsche deutsche discount a demand of the fhfa , were minnesota of business by value of 14,2 thousand million of dollars s year 2005 per 2007 . 
the inspection requires that the institute of frankfurt written of &quot; pm loss substantial &quot; , without gray a figure accurate . 
the deutsche deutsche rejected pm debt as unfounded and explained that post composer . 
warren buffett helps with 10 thousand million to ibm 
the gurú of pm finance , buffett , pyramid with force in the company of technologies of the information ibm . 
since march has romantic actions by a value of more of ten thousand million of dollars . 
date now the great investor american warren buffett always has taylor not invest in companies of computers nor technologies of the information already that are revised s development to long term of pm companies are negative . 
but has read the report commercial of ibm and changed your view on invest in the sector . 
charged understand much before that ibm offers on all services and procura systems of computers for are departments of technologies of the information of other companies . 
in the world financial , a investment of warren buffett were viewed as a credit . 
by what both , the primitiva of technologies of the information must paris &quot; sir ibm &quot; . 
buffett desveló currently in the outlet of economy cnbc that has romantic actions of ibm by a value of 10,7 thousands of million of dollars since march . 
your berkshire hathaway of investment has ascendido with denver to a of pm maintenance accionistas of ibm with a participation s 5,5 by display . 
buffett said that ibm not rape date now nothing s file . 
elogió to the address that were thermal of are benefits cover in the crisis economic . 
&quot; have fact a work genial &quot; , workshop buffett on the strategy . 
ibm frame since ago marketing time are services of technologies of the information lucrativos as the operation of centres of simulation . 
the old pages computer of more of 100 years also offers software and advice so as advent equipment for companies . 
buffett blackout pm companies of technology date the date . 
said that only invertía in companies core business entendiera . 
by the otherwise , buffett deutsche the max in a train of goods , in a manufacturer of lubricantes or a connecticut electronics . 
your berkshire hathaway details close of approximately 80 subsidiaries own , so as part of entire a series of big maximize as coca-cola or munich re , si münchener rück . 
buffett , of 81 years , were frame office of the small company clothing berkshire hathaway in are 60 and , with ethnicity investment , the amplió date suppression in a of pm companies more predicting s world . 
not however , your style of life is republican . 
by style is a ídolo for countless investors of all the world . 
your faster e infalible sense for win money him has provided the nickname of &quot; oráculo of omaha &quot; . 
after of logic the investment of buffett , pm actions of ibm in stock subieron a one by display . 
&quot; the giant blue &quot; , as were gifts to ibm , discount a value in stock of more of 220 thousand million of dollars and tag , along with apple and microsoft , between pm companies of technology more predicting s world . 
with microsoft , workshop buffett , not post level . 
garage garage , your founder , is a friend intimate . 
the threat were specific 
after the discovery of &quot; the cell of zwickau &quot; , are media of media turks dudan s state of right german . 
a newspaper version of a &quot; ideology bloody &quot; that store to reavivarse . 
are arroyo of eight small listed noticed and disclosure between are years 2001 and 2006 lake a background of the extreme right . 
in turkey and in the population german of origin turkish were has negatively with fear and concern face this news . 
for many germans of origin turkish river a fantasma that were thought dead ago time , since are attacks with form of fire in mölln in november of 1992 and in solingen in may of 1993 , not had canada more toll of violence with background of extreme right against turks . 
not however , never were has questioned that in germany des xenophobia . 
the network ultraderechista lb reveals a sample whose dimensions not pm , nor much less , previsibles . 
&quot; ¿ store to reavivarse the ideology bloody ? &quot; , titula the edition by internet s newspaper turkish &quot; haberturk &quot; . 
the newspaper &quot; sabah &quot; resalta by the otherwise that one of are authors s crime was a informer of the office federal of defence of the constitution and were co foot by that pm authorities transportation can pro firms in the pantanal ultraderechista . 
the community turkish in germany reaccionó with sensatez , the end of week reminded to pm victims of the violence racist with a vigilia face the door of brandenburgo . 
two weeks before , the community turkish in berlin along with are political germans and turks reflexionaron in a act pm s fifty anniversary s agreement turco-alemán . 
the respecting were data in scene with flair colours , as a history with end happy . 
the information came to some media turks as a bofetada : &quot; the gift german by the fifty anniversary &quot; , says the title of a article in the platform turkish of internet &quot; having x &quot; , channel per background of the chain of arroyo . 
the dog german &quot; hürriyet &quot; either privacy in exists this link mental . 
&quot; begins to smell bad &quot; , says the title of the spine of ahmet külahci . 
resalta that are killed pm people that pagaban your tax e did a important contribution with your work to the reconstruction of germany . 
in are forum of internet of germans of procedencia turkish , the sun of the police and your display success in pm búsquedas were statute very shall . 
are authors were asombran of that pm authorities transportation not australian buscado much before suspected in the circle of the ultraderecha . 
safe were co soon less rhetorical in soon to are drásticos media : &quot; to recommended of now here were lose , to are immigrants not them go more that the excuses and the arsenal &quot; . 
&quot; this will the best autoprotección &quot; . 
&quot; the peace internal of germany depends frank of the quality of the associate and of the finding of the malpractice to entire the network &quot; . , says &quot; selen &quot; . 
what that means that , if the peace internal of germany ends in danger , are attacks of mölln and solingen were aclararán in mid years . 
the image of pm ruins s fire of solingen were has filmed in pm flash german and turkish . 
any another basin cookies more clearly to are turks that live here that there a threat specific and , to are germans , that the surround and the distance can desembocar in the violence . 
are attacks agudizan the mail of group of the part turkish . 
not repeat are errors s last 
in the press turkish were oxford then mainly the surroundings of the policy german after are attacks , helmut kohl were denies to center to are survivors of mölln . 
after the tube with form of fire of solingen email a telegrama of condolences per president turkish and klaus kinkel , your minister of affairs external , what sustituyó in the funeral of colony . kinkel detalló in your speech what that train with are tax are turks of germany . 
go clear how were flowers the value of a person according the total of your tax . 
the information current of are media turks store to show what yards that is , since then , the surround of many germans of origin turkish in the legality of this country . 
addition s effort of a explanation range and of a revaloración s terrorism of extreme right in germany , this time gift lack words francas . 
the bank s scandal s lake of zurich 
the bank more arriesgado of europe not were sheet in italy nor france , if not in switzerland . 
the ubs almost purchase in bancarrota in the crisis financial and since then were deslizó of a crisis to the next . 
now the christ a german . 
insurance that axel max not what had considered . 
after of your spectacular starting of the summit s bank federal , in july were came that in 2013 comenzaría in a new and almost equally of spectacular work : president s council administrative s great bank blessing ubs , a inesperado and lucrative step in your career . 
axel max were shipping retailers , commends switzerland by your beauty and to the ubs by your baby acquired strength and leaves fall comments amables on your r friends . 
&quot; the flash has yahoo a revival &quot; . 
&quot; i shipping level with kaspar villiger and oswald grübel &quot; . 
in september delivery clear that all would completely different . 
a telephone financial of the flash in london blackout all are systems of security s bank and defraudó 1,7 thousand million of eur . 
oswald grübel , director general of the flash , a banker not only known in switzerland , took that table . 
the president s council administrative of the flash were fun since then equally tocado , and all filed : ¿ items star axel max ? 
were came that max left necessity per bank since february of 2012 . 
and were vacuum office of the presidency s council administrative in may , not to principles of 2013 , as the bank comunicó the tuesday . 
this is hard for axel max . 
not is banker , more well , professor of economy and consejero and has la a period of adjustment sellers necessary . 
of blow were ago responsible of the strategy of a bank , that just of return to prove that worth the title &quot; the dvd bank s scandal of europe &quot; since ago time . 
by a part , the flash is huge , date ago little was the dvd administrator of estate world , and by another part , since ago years , were desliza of a scandal per next . 
nothing , so what seems , were him ahorra per believes nearby proud bank blessing . 
started the crisis financial . 
the flash took a reputation excellent date 2007 . 
the image s administrator of estate blessing discreto and virtual , but also mañoso , were combinó with objectives ambitious , also wanted be a great number in are banks of investment . 
by a part , with 1,6 provides of dollars , the flash variety more money of customers wealthiest that any another bank s world . 
and by another part , avanzó as bank of investment in the league of are big banks s world . 
this impresiona . 
hans geiger , the former banker and display professor of banca in zurich during many years explains : &quot; face my students , always items described to the flash as model of a good bank . &quot; 
&quot; since the point of view current , one were question : ¿ how could equivocarme ? &quot; 
cards in a great error . 
in the year 2007 cameras to the light that something cameras very bad in the flash . 
to mid of year , peter wuffli , director general , that date then was update as a banker genial and very intelligent , delivery fashion . 
some months after , were sospechó the reason . 
the fund of investment s bank were embarcó in loss with titles of high risk and took that amortizar thousands of million . 
for shoulder with this , the flash announced a inyección of capital of nothing less that of 13 thousand million of garden . 
for this student investors , course that some miraran with contempt date little before : a fund ohio asian and opaco of singapore and a fund ohio arab , nearby discreto , that never were had heard your name . 
this was only the first blow . 
in april of 2008 , empeoró . 
the bank took that holiday the loss of thousands of million , marcel ospel , president s council administrative , in 2006 in the second best paid council administrative of switzerland , delivery . 
in october of 2008 , cream the disaster , in view of your investment percent , the ubs were student in the crisis financial face the bankruptcy and took that be rescatada by the state . 
the bank national compró values mount to the ubs by many thousands of million , the confederation helvética outlet six thousands of million of garden by a bono tests converted , prohibited the that were convertía in copropietaria s bank . 
entire switzerland cards l , were workshop what dramatic that was this for a country small , if aloja to banks nearby big . 
finally the sum s sheet of the ubs in 2007 was more of five times dvd that are results economic of switzerland de see gráfica de . 
&quot; not can return to beast to the ubs &quot; , said geiger , expert in banca . 
to the first disaster were joined the second . 
few months after , the ubs capituló in a conflict tax with america and were cookies ready to earnings are data of are customers wealthiest , that possibly had defraudado tax with help s bank . 
addition , bound a figure of 780 thousands of million of dollars , refund of benefits injustificados of these business with a donation by payment . 
with denver , the ubs confesó more or less having helped in the fraud tax . 
multiple lost something that had been since always your capital in the competition by customers rich : the aureola of discretion . 
after the scandal , the secret s bank blessing already not is the same . 
to this continued the resignation s president of the junta directive and s president s council administrative . 
and the displacement of are funds of are customers . 
of this way , in few months the bank lost your credibility in your two sectors central : in the banca of investment prohibited pm speculation flawed and in the administration of estate prohibited the help per fraud tax . 
and fair when civilian to pro something more relaxed , fair when were thought that the ubs civilian to help , impacts this desdichada history s telephone , a telephone individual defraudó 1,7 thousand million of eur , before of that the bank were diera account of that something cards bad . 
and were desveló , by what seen , this still not works well with the management of risk in the banca of investment . 
&quot; with the case adoboli were patent that are controls of risk have changed too little &quot; , phone martin janssen , professor of economy and finance in the institute banking of the university of zurich . 
the director financial of a great bank german also ends insurance : &quot; the problem of the ubs is that not r are controls of risk &quot; . 
by what that silly the idea of the driver , with the that are bankers swiss were letter since ago time , be are angels of are maintenance estate s world : any risk too largest , in change , the security s money post quebrar per another side of the republic alpine . 
are deposits of security of are banks swiss were the symbol of the reliability inquebrantable , as lindt and sprüngli s chocolate show . 
the central of the ubs in zurich not extension with the buzz s virtual bank private blessing , only is a little dvd . 
the situation is classical . 
the bank discount your ohio main in the street bahnhofstraße of zurich , that going since the station main directly per lake of zurich , enmarcado by pm summits covered of snow of pm mountains suizas . 
here are buildings are ostentosos , are loans are few of are more higher of europe . 
here were licensed joyerías as tiffany`s between business traditional swiss as the confitería sprüngli . 
here author since ago years are banks swiss : since the bank national , describe by the palace of credit suisse , date are elitarios banks private as julius bär . 
were windows in the room of reception of the ubs prohibited a competing door swivel . 
within pm walls tower revestidas of mármol , front were licensed big sillones of leather , along per cool s bank there a great letrero for browse the &quot; security &quot; . 
the ubs estate what that the customer search here : security . 
are two big banks swiss , the ubs and credit suisse , in marketing time have desplazado the idea s great bank blessing , or the have betrayed , as relative the president of a small bank private blessing . 
prefers not read your name in the newspaper , per end and per carried ago , as all are bankers swiss , also with are business of both big banks . 
the ubs were has fact too largest , relative , mainly in the banca of investment , where are continental have won ground . 
results are swiss not pool nothing more that say . 
&quot; and were have church during much time to pm grip of are continental . &quot; 
of fact , the ubs sixteenth the banca of investment kingdom , handed your first great strip and then wine the disaster , any entity financial european had lost both money in the jungla s high risk as the great bank blessing . 
the 15 of october of 2008 , the disaster was obvious . 
&quot; bulk wednesday the coalition credit s small country of seven million decided the dvd operation of rescue in the history of your search &quot; , says the author lukas hässig in your book &quot; der ubs-crash &quot; de &quot; the crash of the ubs &quot; in spanish de . 
are political supplies date 68 thousands of million of garden or approximately 45 thousands of million of eur for save per great bank of the bancarrota . 
¿ how were them happens ? 
were version with are bankers swiss , so affected the problem in the dimension of the ubs . 
in june of 1998 , two of are three big banks swiss were fusionan in a poderoso consortium . 
input a bank that , due to the merger , was too largest for the small switzerland , and still growing . 
by what that video for that are two online banks narcotics of the ubs were complementaran : a bank puerto but asleep with the centre of the administration of estate in zurich and a internacionalización more poor but more mail . 
of suddenly , are banks of investment internacionalizados came of way well with much money , with the that port do rodar a great bicycle financial . 
there two names related with this iii of the ubs : peter wuffli , head s consortium of the ubs of 2001 to 2007 , and marcel ospel , then president s council administrative . 
&quot; always thought that wuffli and ospel pm a team perfect &quot; , says the expert in banca hans geiger . 
&quot; wuffli , the intellectual , modest , that see much of models and statistics , and ospel , the intuitivo that managed scene step since the learning in the bank date the summit . &quot; 
finally , ospel were fió of wuffli . 
and per end wuffli framed probably a error allows : &quot; giant that your models pm a reality &quot; , says geiger . 
&quot; is a case tragic . &quot; 
tragic , perhaps . 
ends clear : the desatino came before s case . 
are employees of the ubs were outlined clearly of pm meetings of rating , in pm that wuffli , the head s consortium , always repetía the same banner : lift s charles to goldman sachs . 
the bank american was the bank of investment more poderoso s world . 
encabezaban pm &quot; league tables &quot; , pm clasificaciones that then documentaban the success of are banks . 
the ubs wanted pro in the summit . 
some steps him gather well . 
in pm operations of divisas and in the table of actions cards in what more high . 
without however , are advisers of companies makers lb of interface a point weak : in the business s interest international , in the language of banca &quot; fixed income &quot; , there a donation huge for are big banks . 
the ubs discount vacíos in are products hipotecarios american . 
for fill these vacíos , the ubs started a adventure that almost him costs your existence . 
Ávidos of growth , invirtieron both the same bank as one of your funds of high risk created in investment films of high risk . 
were transformed in a machine powerful for titularizar credit hipotecarios american and venderlos to images , manteniendo frank file to account own . 
and also , as other banks arrangement the bajada during much time . 
&quot; in summer of 2007 , as the market estate american cards in llamas , the ubs compró sat &quot; , said geiger , expert in banca . 
nearby largest the euphoria , nearby yards the fall . 
a managing took that screens , already that the bid of configuration multiple more complicated of what that trademarks . 
are posts in the ubs were separate in seats proyectables and are inseguros date the currently . 
currently , anyone christ a great bank , discount a work almost impossible . 
must find a strategy for a bank , face the that all are models of business lógicos jazz stumbling . 
geiger , expert in banks , discount a idea , stop end to the banca of investment , focus in the administration of estate , return to pm roots suizas . 
the bank not post get nearby far de still de . 
but the banca of investment must debt much , ends clear currently . 
the next thursday , sergio ermotti , the new president s bank , spring your michael strategy per world . 
in reality , only were giant in the italiano-suizo of 51 years as a solution specify , already that the bank the bank were separó fashion of your predecessor grübel . 
tickets , him were payment : must address of way permanent are business of the ubs , comunicó the bank of zurich the tuesday . 
ermotti post automatically per bank of investment to your state to mid of are mid . 
hunting 3.500 posts . 
but this not enough . 
the ubs needs a vision . 
¿ who is ? 
¿ with what post win money ? 
these are pm questions that insurance were ago axel max currently . 
date the time only says that first buscará a housing with your woman in zurich . 
the next year . 
the fear to the recession in europe overvalued on the stock american 
the recession spelling in europe has given fear to are investors mortgage in the start of the week . 
are changes of government in athens and rome diet without force . 
the production industrial frenada in the l sofoca pm washington of estabilizar in your origin a crisis capitalism by the highs . 
could not dollar the alivio general on are changes of government in rome and athens . 
the euro fell front per dollar . 
the week week , the glass italian and greek were has seen environment tank , not environment fill , but now are problems viagra to pass to a first smart , said jason luschini of janney montgomery scott . 
face all , are assets financial notes in the list of sales . 
the index dow jones of are values standard bought with a low s 0,6 by display to 12.078 points . 
in the session , the barómetro s market oscila between 12.027 and 12.170 points . 
the index lloyd &amp; <NULL> 500 bought with 1.251 points , a low of a by display . 
the index nasdaq of the stock technological lost the 0,8 by display and cameras s market with 2.657 points . 
in frankfurt , the index dax were cameras with a low s 1,2 by display to 5.985 points . 
the industry of are 17 countries euro has small clearly your production and were cart in the end of your pull . 
pm companies dead in september the two by display less that the month previous , as scheme the office of rain of eurostat . 
what that created opened between are investors mortgage : &quot; not fan a island , if not clothing &quot; , said steve goldman of goldman management . 
europe not were can free nearby quickly of a recession , addition there more sign of weakness in are banks . 
warren buffett , the los of pm investment , only narrow this driver , still not ends clear if europe is what enough mail for do all what necessary for stop end to the crisis , workshop in a interview for the cnbc . 
by style , since your point of view is too soon for invest in loans horizontal or banks teens . 
in place of style , arroja by the remuneration a decade of celebrity principles and windows in the sector technological american . 
your investment of more of ten thousand million of dollars in ibm supports the share of pm actions s traditional consortium and the ago cotizar against the trend in the market per principle virginia a percentage more high . 
the value bought almost without changes to 187,35 dollars . 
after some brief , buffett paid 170 dollars of average by each unit and remained the 5,5 by display . 
the share of pm actions of your company of investment berkshire hathaway lost the 1,3 by display . 
are titles of participation s deutsche editor copper were fortalecieron clearly with the 2,6 by display that the market . 
the home sold almost all the rest of your cautiously per china construction deutsche and were embolsa by denver 6,6 thousands of million of dollars . 
the institute post strengthen mainly your reserved of capital with the strip neta s business and with denver comply with are requirements regulatory . 
the constructora of planes boeing rate your earnings and with denver clients pm loss in dow . 
the action were alzó a 1,5 by display , after of that the consortium cobrara the dvd ordering of your history . 
airline emirates musicians the friday 50 planes of long distance s type 777 and the value s asked were cifró in 18 thousands of million of dollars . 
including pm options of 20 machines more , the volume total to 26 thousands of million of dollars . 
in the stock of new york approximately 710 thousand million of actions changed of flat . 
719 values producer , 2281 producer and 79 loyal without changes . 
the nasdaq cerro with volumes of sale of 1,38 thousand million , 630 actions to the alza , 1.913 to the low and 82 without changes . 
grajos smart were extienden in pm cities 
in many websites are grajos were feel &quot; pet mount &quot; : not were guards to these inteligentísimos animals of pm cities during much time , participants are experts . 
to few them c , other want librarse very faster of them , are grajos facilitate since ago years to the image of the city , but in many municipalities were destroys pm complaints of are neighbours by the porquería and the noise of are animals . 
although not has appeared any environment against are &quot; pet mount &quot; date now . 
are grajos already not retail of pm cities , participants are experts in the first symposium on grajos in read , frisia eastern . 
sat are specialists of all the territory national statute on options solutions . 
photo alternatives in pm cities 
are inconvenient frank are problems of pm cities to the migration s field of frank grajos protected copy pm applications chemical in the agriculture announced visiblemente with are spaces reciprocal traditional . 
the hunting , the growing edificación and the fall of trees that are hospedan dificultan the life of pm birds . 
are grajos tower protected . 
there big colonies with more of 600 couples reproductoras in soest , westfalia , between other , in the lancaster , between other in jever , diepholz and achim in bremen , so as in read . 
sat in 2005 saltó to are headlines negative of the press a controversial project for kill in en to are grajos s district . 
are critical have described the hunting of are animals prohibited traps for pet and the murder with palos as especially gang . 
&quot; expulsándolos and ahuyentándolos of way normal not were river nothing &quot; courses werner klöver , urbanista and paisajista of read . 
messenger with water to are nidos or baby are trees pictures be consequences not deseadas , phone also manfred kaiser , expert in environment environment of lahr , baden-wurtemberg . 
&quot; are animals were desvían , pm big colonies of categories and medication in other places . &quot; 
ahuyentarlos only is imaginable as exception in hospitals , coast of singles or schools . 
&quot; must live with them , already not are atrapamos . &quot; 
without are clinics , not were soluciona the problem in pm cities , relative wolfgang kellner , mayor of read . 
is possible a combination of ahuyentar to are animals of areas residenciales sensitive and cebos for that double to asentarse in other places . 
&quot; paneles documents in place of sierras of chain &quot; uta maria jürgens , psicóloga and etnóloga ago advertising in against with the end of that were post to are animals of a form completely different : &quot; what best is that can aguantar a pm in the display with aplomo . &quot; 
jürgens cofundó in schleswig-holstein the circuito of education on are grajos of ascheberger , where letreros alleged on the life of pm smart birds . 
while both , the project is accepted by are tourists . 
jürgens also discount your own view on pm criticism by the noise of are pet : &quot; all are forms of media , lake much that say . &quot; 
the intelligence and jack of these animals are legendarias , are grajos not only interviews are resources for access to bocados esquistos , if not that fabrican tools for usarlas as resources . 
recently , etólogos of the university of cambridge comprobaron in four grajos date where star the intelligence of pm birds . 
in a experiment , are pet aprendieron with fast that assigned stop fall a stone on a platform for so non a larva of polilla . 
without much adiestramiento , duty with determination the size and the form that card account the stone for fall on the platform . 
in a second trial , are astutos grajos assigned sorted a complicated problem . 
are researchers colocaron a small bin with a larva of polilla in a cilindro vertical . 
are pet not port get to your prey with the pm . 
but are researchers them red a piece of alambre . 
with the that are four animals formaron a hook , with the that pescaron the bin in the tirador s tubo . 
three of are waiting grajos what intruder in the first bid . 
portugal in the exemptions 2012 thanks to dating ronaldo 
are bosnios and are turks not lake washington in the championship . 
are songs , portugal , croatia , the republic czech e ireland also employee in the exemptions 2012 . 
portugal , the republic czech , croatia e ireland have sellado in are play-offs are last notes for the exemptions 2012 in poland and ukraine . 
guiado by the hero triunfante dating ronaldo de 8 . , 53 . de , portugal goleó to clay 6-2 de 2-1 de and , after the 0-0 s party of mg , frame pm five cautiously of the exemptions seguidas . 
are ministries intruder 1-0 de 0-0 de in the party of back of are play-offs with the outsider montenegro , after of that in the party of mg de 2-0 de tour pm things guidelines . 
croatia not denver that him marcaran in the 0-0 against turkey , ireland managed a ethnicity 1-1 de 1-0 de against estonia . 
nani de 24 . de , helder postiga de 72 . , 82 . de and miguel veloso de 80 . de marcaron are others scoring of portugal . 
the former professional of the bundesliga , zvjezdan misimovic with a penalti de 41 . de and the captain emir spahic de 65 . de acortaron travel two times for bosnia . 
sena lulic bonus a card red de 54 . de . 
bosnia villa to cause of portugal in are play-offs s world of south of 2010 . 
in the crowd page light of lisbon , portugal started of way perfect . 
ronaldo ejecutó a free direct since more of 30 metres for active to the head in are points . 
a fourth of hour after , nani cookies your rhetoric for clock since far and managed the 2-0 since 25 metres . 
are bosnios , that not were lucieron in the first average hour , pool your first clear opportunity thanks per goleador edin dzeko . 
the former player s team of wolfsburg , leader s english manchester holder message a cabezazo per palo , but the balón not atravesó the online of portería de 33 . de . 
jiracek acertó for the republic czech 
to images , the colegiado wolfgang stark , of ergolding , tim in the eye s hurricane . 
after the attack to helder postiga in the domain of penati bosnia , decided show per male the card amber by tirarse per soil de 36 . de . 
in the side theories , stark pitó a controversial penalti after a action of fabio coentrao , that transformed misimovic . 
after s christ , the vicecampeón european of 2004 aclaró all with 4 scoring . 
are ministries ended with the last doubt in the minute 81. with gol of petr jiracek . 
the campeón of europe of 1976 were qualifies by fifth time consecutiva for the exemptions . 
the team s coach michal bilek with the legionario of the bundesliga michael kadlec de bayer leverkusen de and tomas pekhart de 1 . fc nürnberg de also took bob and took that overcome a second of reaction in the phase initial . 
in the last time , the portero petr cech blackout with a student a possible gol in own door of tomas sivok de 9 . de . 
montenegro microsoft more posted with the overture stevan jovetic and leave damjanovic in action . 
damjanovic scene in the minute 40. of the back s cheese , very fair in the portería of cech . 
after the christ are ministries debieron protect the larguero s portero of reputation world , the delantero s fc seoul page to realized de 50 . de . 
finally , the gol before s end nationalists the party . 
while both , turkey desaprovechó the maravilla s football of zagreb . 
four days after s 0-3 in istanbul , are turks not holidays of a 0-0 in zagreb . 
while was almost insurance that the coach national guus hiddink card leave your asiento s banquillo of third s world of 2002 , are restoration held your quarter participation in the end of the exemptions . 
face 31.000 fans in the crowd maksimir , are turks almost conseguían a principle of dream . 
in the minute seven and with a chute to long distance , selcuk inan only managed music the poste . the intruder kazim kazim either could send the balón within of the portería . 
after the second of reaction , croatia asumió each time more the control . 
after of the break , croatia not denver that him metieran any gol . 
along to mauro mandzukic of vfl wolfsburg , that in the minute 62. frame site to ivan surgeon , of dortmund , danijel pranjic de bayern of munich de and gordon schildenfeld de eintracht frankfurt de are are legionarios of the bundesliga in the practice . 
trapattoni going to the exemptions 
in dublin , are irish exhibitions the first participation in the exemptions since 1988 in germany . 
stephen ward mission per team s coach giovanni trapattoni , that triumphant with the 4-0 in the party of mg contains for a decision prior , were data to the head in the minute 32 . 
konstantin vassiljev de 57 . de empató with the team dinner . 
ireland presionó since the page , but charged wait date the minute 23 . , when robbie keane of are angeles galaxy took your first great opportunity . 
since the first time , the defence estona blackout options scoring of advantage . 
but in the minute 32. what surprised . 
after a defence s portero pavel londak , der ward and chutó the balón to through of the online , canadian the 1-0 . 
a woman severely apology per caerse of a tram 
a woman of 52 years were sheet severely apology per caerse the monday of a tram in lichtenberg , berlin . 
took that be operada in a hospital , as comunicó the police the tuesday . 
the tram took that en of way sudden in herzbergallee , already that a drive were relax of blow front to him . 
the car cell and in this cameras , search per en . 
are others ocupantes s tram not shot injured . 
a man arm atraca a farmacia in friedenau 
the tuesday by the pm a man arm atracó a farmacia in bundesallee , in friedenau , berlin . 
reactor to a empleada of 25 years with a weapon of fire and him daewoo that him entregara the money in metálico , as journal the police . 
after entregarle the box with pm spin , the ethnicity fled without be identified with your botín of a amount unknown . 
are asaltados not estate more that the delivery susto . 
a en rolex severely na 
a en rolex of 21 years has result severely na to headlines hours of the morning s tuesday in märkischen alle in marzahn , berlin . 
peter avoid of suddenly a trailer that circulaba by the street of a gasolinera with a trailer uk . 
by what that outlet a patinazo with your drive , came to the strip central and per carril otherwise and resistance against several trees . 
the saddened of 21 years took that be john in the hospital . 
the camionero of 40 years not multiple na . 
a cyclist atropellada and severely apology 
a cyclist of 61 years was atropellada by a car and multiple severely apology the monday in mitte , berlin . 
peter cross with your bicycle by the track in the cruce of pedestrian between pm streets karl-liebknecht-straße and alexanderstraße , as comunicó the police the tuesday . 
was arrastrada by a en of 72 years that cell with your drive . 
the woman were fell and , severely apology , received treatment in a hospital . 
in the leaving , a ethnicity of cars were becomes in en kamikaze 
a man were cell in road of night with a car flash in charlottenburg . 
per girar , resistance against a car aparcado , in total theme to two cars more and three bike . 
the police emprendió the persecution . 
the author s crime fled to entire speed by the highway . 
h in sense otherwise h 
rozó a tablón of concrete and lost parts of your drive . 
the car were relax and the man cream to foot your leaving . 
a peatona disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón 
a peatona was disparada with a escopeta of air comprimido since a balcón in schwedt . 
the sunday , the woman of 32 years caminaba close of your housing when was disparada by the leave , as journal the police . 
took that be ingresada in the hospital with a apology open . 
to images , the police localizó four suspected , of are that a young of 19 years is update the charged main . 
according a spokesman of the police , not there relationship between the woman and the charged . 
a young of 25 years severely na in a accident of traffic 
a en multiple severely na in a collision with a trailer that asking in sense theories in the district of potsdam-mittelmark . 
the young of 25 years were cameras of the road with your furgoneta by causes unknown date the time and patinó date a wooden protective the monday by the morning in a road federal along to wiesenburg , as comunicó the police . 
by the force s therapy , the car patinó date per carril otherwise and sat colisionó with the trailer . 
are sleep pool that get per young of 25 years of your drive . 
a hawk of site what mission to a hospital . 
fire in a film in alexanderplatz 
the night s monday took place a fire in the film cubix in alexanderplatz . 
little after of average night , approximately 70 fans of the session of night pool that leave the film of the street rathausstraße , as comunicó the police . 
not shop any na . 
after site research , were supposed that the fire in a domain translation to are components electric was due to a bonus technical . 
per same time were was the light and silly a smell smoke . 
a woman severely apology in a bid of theft of bolso 
a woman multiple severely apology in a bid of theft of bolso in niedergörsdorf , in the district of teltow-fläming . 
the author s crime encapuchado sorprendió to the woman the friday in a park face a trade and him agarró your bolso , as journal the police . 
as the victim registers resistance , the theme in pm hands and in the head with a palo . 
finally fled without the botín . 
the woman was ingresada severely apology in a hospital . 
visitors to a graveyard stolen per alternatively tumbas 
in pm weeks hotel , people maintenance have son to be cards in a graveyard of fürstenwalde . 
a total of twelve highway have happened since mid of october , between other highway of bolsos , money , mobile , cards of credit and manojos of writer , as comunicó the police . 
pm victims are mainly women of age advanced that cuidaban pm tumbas of your family . 
aparcaban your bike or andadores with are items of value in pm empire . 
the last friday took place the last theft of a amount of money that marc to more of hundred eur . 
six pintores of graffitis detainees 
the police relax to six pintores of graffitis . 
are six young were detainees the sunday in marzahn , as comunicó the police . 
are adults of between 15 and 25 years pintaron a horses of train in hohenschönhausener-grenzgraben . 
subieron per horses with a escalera and tore a glass . 
a entertaining avisó to the police . 
in soon are officials civil peak , are authors s crime huyeron . 
but were detainees little after in a morality in landsberger allee . 
a man in chair of wheelchair arrastrado by a car and severely na 
a man in chair of wheelchair multiple severely na per cross a street in schwedt . 
the saturday the man peter cross a street by a step of pedestrian and not was seen by a conductora , as journal the police . 
the drive arrastró per man , that were fell in the street e hirió in the head . 
took that receive treatment in a hospital . 
a child of seven years atropellado and na in wedding 
a child of seven years was atropellado by a car and multiple severely na the monday by the pm in the street tegeler straße in wedding , berlin . 
came to a hospital with cut in the display and in the pierna , as journal the police the monday . 
the child was atropellado of suddenly in the street by a car acted by a woman of 53 years . 
this not browse energies your drive before and what atropelló . 
the child not cards recreational of adults . 
a cyclist severely na in kreuzberg 
a cyclist of 46 years was atropellado by a car and multiple severely na to last hour s sunday by the pm in the street gneisenaustraße , kreuzberg , berlin . 
came to a hospital with cut in the head and with bad humour , as journal the police the monday . 
still not ends clear how deutsche the collision with the drive of a young of 22 years . 
a car calcinado in köpenick 
a car was calcinado to headlines hours of the morning s monday in the street dregerhoffstraße in köpenick , berlin . 
a man of 32 years tried apagar the fire , workshop a spokesman of the police . 
not what managed and are sleep pool that control the fire . 
in soon per drive , were advertisement of a model former . 
were supposed that was a fire shipping , without reasons political . 
leaving s place of a accident in lichtenberg 
after a serious accident the night s sunday in lichtenberg , the en fled without preaching of your companion na . 
the man patinó with your trailer in the street möllendorfstraße , resistance against a poste of the highway and cold in a track , as comunicó the police . 
a conductora of tram could en to time and l offer per en . 
are sleep , avisados , pool that get to a young of 23 years severely na s drive destrozado and table to a hospital . 
the dueña s drive mark subsequently that your car had been flash site little . 
fire in a sótano in tempelhof 
the night s sunday were quemó a box a sótano in a home of tempelhof . 
the inquilino of this home in marienfelder allee notó smoke in pm ladders and avisó to are sleep , as journal the police . 
to images were relax to a young interested in are jobs of species . 
but pm post not were transit , by what that was cook in freedom . 
injured in a famous in a local of food quick 
two customers shot injured in a famous in a local of food quick of pankow the night s sunday . 
four men of bracket between 18 and 21 years tools to pelear with two sellers s restaurant on the 1 : 20 in the walk promenade prenzlauer , as comunicó the police . 
two young of 19 years quisieron help , to what that were features and pataleados of suddenly by the quartet . 
both estate cut in the head . 
are four superior bar be detainees in the restaurant . 
a lord man verona in station of tube and your agresor arrested 
a lord man socorrió to a girl acosada in the station of tube of gesundbrunnen and was beat . 
three matones agredieron per man of 41 years the saturday and him residential with puñetazos and echaron spray of pimienta in the display . 
the trío fled after . 
little after a young of 19 years was arrested under program , as journal the police . 
a injured avisó to the police by the mobile . 
are officials balls the spray of pimienta in a bin close of the station of tube . 
the lord man received treatment ambulatorio in a hospital . 
begins to arder a zanja in the estate of botschaftsviertel 
in a zanja in the estate of botschaftsviertel in tiergarten were declared a fire the saturday . 
on pm 12 : 00 hours , close of schweißarbeiten in the street tiergartenstraße were incendió material of construction , as comunicó the police . 
silly a great cloud of smoke , that were could see with clarity since far . 
are sleep came with four units and bar control the fire with fast . 
face the fire , were papers a system of heating urban and cables of federal . 
addition the estática of the zanja microsoft that be updated currently , workshop a spokesman of are sleep . 
any person multiple apology in the fire . 
during are jobs of species , the street tiergartenstraße tim closed per traffic of cars and bus . 
a man of 40 years severely na in a vicinity 
few strangers asaltaron to a man of 40 years the friday by the pm in mitte and what wounded severely . 
the man caminaba on pm 23 : 30 hours by the street martin-opitz-straße when was diet by three criminals that him filed the hour , as the police comunicó the saturday . 
to images are men nassau to your victim , the residential of suddenly , the derribaron to patadas and huyeron with your portfolio and mobile . 
the police student per man severely na tumbado in the street and summoned per doctor of tools . 
the man took that be john in a hospital . 
a father atacó to a conductora of tram face your son 
the friday by the pm , a father rolex insultó to a conductora of tram and the theme subsequently face the quick of your son of four years . 
the class of 49 years of bvg took that flow in the street seestraße in wedding , per be atacada of suddenly by a man of 30 years , as the police journal the saturday . 
the man him outlet a puñetazo in the display face the quick your son . 
the police relax quickly per man rolex , the child took that be recogido by your grandfather . 
the conductora of tram multiple slightly apology . 
a contenedor of program incendiado in wedding 
the night s saturday , few strangers incendiaron a contenedor of program in a yard yard of wedding . 
a neighbour notó the fire on average night and l to two men dressed of dark offer by the wall s graveyard adyacente of the street steegerstraße , as comunicó the police . 
are sleep , avisados , bar apagar quickly the fire . 
a dog labrador hungry lighting a hornilla , incendiando a housing 
a dog hungry enquiry possesses the fire of a housing in brandenburgo g havel . 
probably , the dog saltó on the fogón for non the food , as journal the police the friday . 
movió the regulatory and encendió a hornilla . 
were prendieron papers on the fogón . 
the housing s fourth floor of the home of neighbourhood started to arder the thursday by the pm . 
the dog died by inhalation of gases of burn . 
were have proseguido pm estate by malpractice elite of fire against the inquilina of 18 years , that not cards in the housing during the fire . 
estreno world of &quot; crepúsculo &quot; in hollywood with many big stars 
rain of flashes , fan histéricas , highlights stars of &quot; crepúsculo &quot; , in the estreno world of &quot; dawn &quot; thousands of curiosos box to the carpet teñida of black s theatre nokia in are angeles . 
the parade of pm stars wine several hours . 
not desilusionó to are fan of the saga of vampiros : robert pattinson , the actor-vampiro , your rival-hombre lobo , taylor lautner and the bella &quot; bella &quot; , kristen stewart philip autógrafos and posaron with are fan . 
in the quarter part , bella were casará by end with your great love . 
sap post doblar your figure of employees in china 
sap , the dvd manufacturer of software of europe pyramid thousands of million in are following years in china and post almost doblar your figure of employees in the country . 
date 2015 circularán approximately two thousand million of dollars de approximately 1,5 thousand million of eur de , journal the consortium of dax the tuesday . 
&quot; ship more facilities for the research and the development and contrataremos workers &quot; , avisó garage mcdermott , co-presidente , in a conference in beijing . 
the personal must grow of 2.500 workers currently to 4.500 . 
the figure of sucursales s leader s market international for software of companies were doblará of five to ten trees eleven . 
date now , sap ends present in beijing , shanghái , cantón , chengdú and dalián . 
approximately 4.000 of are more of 176.000 customers international of sap lake your ohio in the country s boom . 
are plans of growth in china are also a important element of the strategy for 2012 s consortium of dax . 
sap post increase your volume of sales for 2015 to 20 thousand million of eur . 
the last year ingresó approximately 12,5 thousands of million of eur . 
currently are business s suministrador of software that frequency to 50.000 workers in all the world , van nearby well as few times in the last . 
sap leads 20 years active in china . 
&quot; currently want expanding our activities de ... de &quot; , explained mcdermott . 
&quot; our goal is activar a growth lasting in china prohibited a range lee . &quot; 
videos to level personal 
the smell and generous new book of peter englund , the beauty and the pain of the battle de mail beauty functions mail sorrow de : a history íntima comments of the first war world , &quot; begins with a long dramatis personae s type that can do that to one were him caiga the soul to are feet . 
items here some listed of science : getting suavemente this page and conviértala in your brand pages . 
news to website very well to these people in the narración novelística s mr englund , and this dramatis personae running as your gps , a faro during defense few prices in are that , as one of your men and women , bush confused and desamparado in the fog of the war . 
the mr englund is a lectures and journalist swedish . 
also is the new secretary permanent of the academy swedish , that miserable the prize nobel of literature . 
what that has writing here is a book little federal , that describes , rightly , as &quot; a work of anti-historia &quot; . 
contains some names retired , treated important or frugal battles copy virtually not there ambassadors , cool journalists or lots on holdings or material . 
not is both a book comments of what june , explains , as &quot; a book comments of how june &quot; . minnesota comments of &quot; feelings , wholesale , experiences and states of humour &quot; . 
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; combine pm experiences in times of war of more or less 20 men and women ordinarias , to both thou of the war , since colegialas and botánicos to escaladores , doctors , drivers of ambulance and administrative . 
some of these people were convertirán in heroes . 
some were convertirán in prisoners of war , or forecasts your member , were recover mad or morirán . 
your lives parpadean here as velas votivas encendidas in a church copy few new were add to the mixed while other were lights . 
the book s mr englund is a handicap of are books of history standard . 
is also a correctivo to the notion of that the first war world only was the funesta war of trincheras in the front western . 
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; were seeing of form pushing to through of other teatros of war : are alps , are balkans , the front eastern , mesopotamia , africa s this . 
to are soldiers in this book them temptation above pm colmenas copy one running the christmas in egypt under pm pirámides copy pm nut sleeping are a problem intratable . 
enter is a book conmovedor , almost since the start . 
the war inunda pm lives of these people as a disaster natural , a hurricane katrina that apesta to cordita . 
when the fire of artillery were lira in the distance , and friend a woman that ends in home with man children , ¿ fee quedas or huyes ? 
of all forms ¿ who next ? 
almost nobody see what that ends describe , nor even by what were discount that co this war . 
&quot; breast of facts &quot; , route the mr englund , &quot; were has rellenado with conjeturas , suposiciones , washington , fuel , ideas fixed , corporation of the conspiración , dreams , pesadillas and feelings &quot; . 
&quot; the beauty and the pain of the battle &quot; still to individuals as florence farmborough , a nurse english in the army russian , and richard stumpf , a young marinero german of the air of high sea . 
your stories were have mail in your dvd part of flash , letters and another material already published previously . 
pm doctor of your lives can be aterradoras or conmovedoras , but tower more display of life in the accumulation of small prices , details stumbling , s mr englund . 
many of amateur are comments of privaciones and of bust with what that there . 
comments of service the history of a colegiala german says : &quot; sucedáneos , by all parts sucedáneos &quot; . 
&quot; sucedáneo of coffee , aluminium wrong , plastic of imitation , vendas of paper , botones of wood . &quot; 
continues talking of the food sucedánea in germany . 
describes &quot; meat initial to recommended of rice cocido and prensado in fat of carlos de and rematado with a hueso wrong fact of wood de copy tobacco fact of roots and peladuras of potatoes dry copy shoes with suelas of wood &quot; . 
there , route , &quot; 837 substitutes permitidos of the meat in the production of salchichas , 511 substitutes s coffee registered &quot; . 
some stories are comments s credit and the value . 
a american courtesy your own promotion towards the orgy and patent comments of the war : &quot; sientes that , after of all , this is for what that are men tower designed and not for code in sillones with a cigarro and a whisky , the newspaper of the pm or a review seller , and seeks that bulk paints means civilisation and that not there a ritual behind of photo pechera almidonada and tachonada . &quot; 
in change a soldier british were page account of that probably morirá , and of that nobody were enterará or him importará . 
&quot; a time that one were resigna per thinking of sacrificarse , to one him like think that could phenomenon front s public &quot; , says . 
in change , is horriblemente nice &quot; to a convicted post estrangulado in secret &quot; . 
other comments are comments of a old europe builds , and comments of new types of terror . 
&quot; the conflict were has become each time more in a australian economic &quot; , says the mr englund , &quot; a war between factories &quot; . 
map the arrival of what that him winning &quot; a new species in the bestiario s young century : the murderer in en elocuente and convinced ideológicamente with ropas of good clothing that executes your discounted while ends desk behind of a escritorio &quot; . 
the people were shipping of ways imprevistas copy there both sun innoble as heroico . 
the mr englund version of are soldiers that negative actively usage a disease venérea of prostitutes as form of rand the service in the front . 
&quot; the expression more redeeming of this were can see the trade of relative gonocócico , that are soldiers buy and embadurnan with denver your genitales with the hope of bath in the hospital &quot; , says . 
&quot; those that tower truly desperate what frotan on your eyes , what that to often page place to a ceguera of by life . &quot; 
in this translation s swedish initial by peter serious , the prosa s mr englund ágil but not extravagante , ends perfectly adaptada to your task human . 
in dozens of small scenes map the way in the that the war to &quot; launches forces excepcionalmente incontrolables : nationalism extreme , revolution social , hate religious &quot; . 
the people starts to ask by what your leaders them tower doing combat . 
are best books comments of the first war world to often have been indirectos , as the great war and the memory modern of paul fussell , or novelas as without novedad in the front of erich cowardly remarque , in time of stories integrales . 
the volume s mr englund were n to a void little conventional . 
your book discount one of are end more drought that browse remember in a n of not fiction . 
not what revelaré . 
but is as if hot news since your book , arrancado of between man attitudes photo page of dramatis personae , and the hot frost with a cerilla . 
after a step in wrong availability , a assault planeado per minute 
hundreds of agents of police petition involucrados , some of them looks helmets rough . 
were contractors the night s monday per tuesday because the park zuccotti request more fill . 
the operation were remained in secret except for few few official of high senior , saying pm to are others that were uniéndose to a exercise . 
the inspector of police raymond w. daughter cards in the centre , your presence subrayaba how the operation were plagaba of challenges for the department of police . 
not port en are toll of weeks recent , as the pulverización of espray pimienta on are demonstrators , infringiendo pm standards s department and coming a storm of sympathy public towards are &quot; okupas &quot; . 
and by denver the operation police for despejar the park zuccotti of demonstrators were reveló after of two weeks of planning and invariably . 
are agents were had contains watching as were had developed pm occupations in other cities . 
a simulacro of disaster dvd cards taking place in randalls island , with a eye boys towards zuccotti . 
are agents incrementaron the called invariably of grew - measures contraterroristas that implicaban movilizar quickly to a great number of official of police - for practices in the lower manhattan . 
the last session of invariably was in the night s monday , in the side of manhattan s river rape . 
pm ordenes of enter in the park came in the &quot; last minute &quot; , said someone familiarizado with pm command , that were refirieron to the mission only as &quot; a exercise &quot; . 
&quot; to are few polis that peter that were scanners for this , not them said that was for enter in the park zuccotti &quot; , said the person , that corporation of form anonymous . 
&quot; pm earthquakes people that boots that accord to enter in the park zuccotti were in are more higher levels s department . &quot; 
a reason for the steer was a lesson aprendida by the city . 
the 14 of october , few agents quisieron despejar the park , but desistieron when hundreds of demonstrators overview before of time after of having heard comments of are plans . 
the operation s tuesday decentralization to agents of several units database , including forces special of all the district municipal - tens of agents mobile that royalty housing inundar are inner with high index of virtual . 
the mr daughter said that fast people , as those that travel cds per work , had state springs and viniendo s park during the day , doing of the 1 a.m. a good hour for enter . 
&quot; was appropriate do when student the book number of people in the park &quot; , said . 
trucks of the unit of services of emergency with focos and altavoces were congregaban in the cruce of thomas slip with franklin d. roosevelt drive , close s bridge of manhattan , before of get . 
pm lights and are messages pregrabados that retumbaban since are altavoces offensive intimidated to many demonstrators . 
are agents of affairs community were per park with your cortavientos blue clear , many demonstrators m recogieron your things and were were . 
not were tocó any shop date the 1 : 45 a.m. , said the police , giving time to are demonstrators to harvest your pertenencias . 
other equipment of agents were expert reuniéndose in the perimeter for enter if were plea do arrests in the park . 
are journalists in the park were relocation to abandonarlo . 
paul j. browne , the spokesman head s department of police , said that was by your security . 
but many journalists said that were tried avoid that destin to the police enter in action in the park , and that had been treated bruscamente by are agents . 
the mr browne said that pm units mobile of tv in church journal , to what long s edge western s park , bar battlefields pictures . 
to measure that the police were movía towards the west to through of the densa web of effects personal of are demonstrators , including luggage and sewer of program of paper and of plastic abarrotadas of clothes , equipment s department of cleaning them nassau , recogiendo what that were heights back . 
some demonstrators that were loyal to moving were arrastrados outside , apareciendo pictures in internet little time after . 
a group central of demonstrators took top close of the area of kitchen s camp , close s centre s park . 
some did a barrier , and the police purchase for arrestarlos metódicamente . 
in graduate to glass 10 people in the epicentro s camp were candaron between them by are sit . 
and two people were encadenaron to trees , said the mr daughter . 
are agents s service of emergencies were scanners for cortar are candados . 
not were did searches in the park date more or less pm 3 : 30 a.m. , said the mr daughter . 
the operation of despeje tim full few 75 minutes after , said the police . 
the mr browne said that glass 142 people were dark in the park . 
the dvd part of are searches were by &quot; breakdown s order public and resistance to the authority &quot; , said . 
the agent of more high senior in the scene was joseph j. espósito , the head s department , the official higher uniformado in the department . 
phil t. pulaski , the head of detectives s department , also cards sat . 
the mr daughter , while tim present , &quot; not tim dirigiendo pm operations &quot; , said the mr browne . 
a second group of agents expected to what long s side eastern of broadway , between pm streets radio and cedar , in case of that entertainment that enter . 
were alzaron barricadas in the street cortlandt , a block per north s park , and in the street pine , a block per south . 
since turned top , were l to the police expand the perimeter even more beyond s park zuccotti . 
in a time given , a series of agents , many of them with shields , were expert rolling to the people towards afuera . 
had glass 28 people in the perimeter north . 
epa of the action more stereos of the night took place per south s park . 
in graduate to pm 5 a.m. , per south of the street pine , a manifestante saltó on the sensor of a car of police , and to other were them l quitando the air of pm wheelchair of a furgoneta of police . 
in a time given , a piece of contrachapado cameras flying since the range . 
per end , a agent and a manifestante were hospitalizados . 
the seconded of workers of support demandará to the city by are firing 
the seconded that represents to hundreds of workers of support school that lost your jobs the month last spectacular exceeding to the city the wednesday , slovak that are firing pm processing and discriminatory due to your impact desproporcionado on pm schools that atienden to students poor . 
the demand is , possibly , the last weapon to available s seconded , s district municipal 37 , in your effort by revocar are firing . 
seiscientos spent and two vacancies of the school , are coordinators of parents and other employees that were between are worst lowest of the city lost your work the 7 of october , in a movement that are leaders mel have wedding as a venganza policy by your cost to allow , the spring week , the access by part of the city to a fund of assistance care to office of groups of work for close your keep line . 
pm authorities municipal have denied categorically photo intent . 
in a hearing in the son the month last , the consejero of education , ross m. walcott , said that are firing pm a part s budget approved in june . 
a member s council contraatacó understood that nothing in the budget especificaba that are member s personal of support of the school phone dismissed . 
officials s district municipal 37 said that careers the delivered by writing , advirtiendo per department of education of that would scrutiny . were camera a conference of press the wednesday for announce the presentation official of the demand , in the court supreme ohio in manhattan . 
the demand maps per sr. walcott and per department of education of the city as charge , and account with eight workers dismissed as complainant , all them women sheep or latinas , per mon that the most of are assistants that lost your jobs . 
elizabeth thomas , spokesman s department legal of the city , said that the city not had seen the demand and by what both not could do comments on your enriched specific . 
according a draft of the demand mail by mail york york york , the seconded were has section in the number of firing in pm schools of areas poor of the city for support a delivered by treatment unfair , saying that pm schools poor lost more assistants , already that had been insuficientemente spirit of form chronicle . 
were com that if well not shop firing in staten island and few few firing in pm schools in the upper rape side or tribeca , 17 assistants programs lost your jobs in the district 23 in brownsville , brooklyn , and 46 were dismissed in are districts 8 and 9 in the south s bronx . 
taking in account the loss of five of are eight assistants employees by the school public 36 in harlem , where the 68 by display of are students live in the poverty , the demand says , &quot; this not is a estate of parents wealthiest that custom custom funds for top the deficit collection &quot; . 
p.d. the budget s district 36 were decreased in a 3,26 by display this year , and also lost money when the city sixteenth the form in that flowers the funding additional for each incorporate by student poor in pm schools . 
the seconded also phone that are directors of schools diminish can having been deceived by the language in a memorándum that forming the redundant of are coordinators of parents . 
the memorándum ounces the word &quot; surplus &quot; for quilt the action , to despite of that &quot; surplus &quot; describes with dvd frequently the act of abstract to a proxy of the nómina of a school to a stock of work , core respectively are lowest by the office central . 
&quot; boat and six coordinators of parents were dismissed &quot; , says the draft of the complaint , &quot; and not only in surplus &quot; . 
mission line , the congress contains for get to a agreement on libya 
seems that finally republican and democrats in the capitolio tower prepared to active of agreement on something related with the transportation in libya . 
all what that were plea was that the pig submit success , that the contractor dictator muamar the colonel outside bombing and mouse and the participation of states united came to your end . 
the tuesday , the committee of affairs external s senate going to compare a resolution , patrocinada by the president john kerry de democrat by massachusetts de , along with are senadores john mccain de republicano by texas de and joseph i. lieberman de independent by connecticut de , aplaudiendo to are mock by your facilitating pig and to pm troops of ee.uu. by your &quot; courage &quot; . 
&quot; this resolution is for honrar to are valientes of libya , per start to rebuild your country &quot; , said kerry . 
&quot; is a claim of support bipartidista for your aspirations democratic . &quot; 
the language can appear inofensivo , but nothing on the discussion on libya has been easy date now . 
this summer , are legislators of both parties were peleaban between yes and with the home white on the editorial of a series of resolutions for write or label the paper of are military of ee.uu. in the mission of the nato in libya . 
in june , kerry and mccain careers a resolution that forming the use limited of forces military of ee.uu. in libya . 
the project of law was derrotado in the house by a pop room bipartidista , and that never came to votarse in the senate . 
but the same day in that the project of law was site in the house , the house also rejected a measure that identification recortado are funds for pm operations mortgage in libya . 
helps denver the mission of ee.uu. in a species of purgatory legislative - with the congress what enough upsetting as for criticism the weu by part of obama of the mission , but not nearby enfadado as for in reality segar the hierba under your feet . 
to images , the indecisión s congress was superada by are events . 
trípoli fell in hands of are rebels mock in august , and colonel was mouse the 20 of october . 
the mission of the nato delhi official the 31 of october . 
now the senate could pro completed for act . 
the resolution s committee of affairs external &quot; welcomes per p of libya by your tremendo courage and extraordinary resistance for shake to yes computers &quot; and &quot; commends to are men and women of pm forces release of states united and to your partners of the coalition that conferences in operations military for protect per p of libya by your extraordinary courage and professionalism &quot; . 
the resolution also &quot; sets the interest national of are states united in a facilitating e irreversible transition towards the democracy in libya . &quot; 
¿ player the new measure the complete support of the committee of affairs external , or dividirá to are legislators as frame the project of law of june ? 
the last version was rejected by the senator richard g. place de indiana de , the main republicano s committee . 
the spokesman of place said the monday that not had seen still the version end s new project of law . 
per another side s capitolio , the house going to vote this week on a amendment constitutional demanding a budget employee , a priority legislative for almost all are congresistas republican and some democrats . 
the measure , patrocinada by the republicano bob goodlatte de republicano by virginia de , will the first amendment constitutional on the budget or any another subject that of fact logre a vote of entire the house in the house or the senate in this congress . 
other legislators not have la success date the time for do get your amendments to the house , but not by lack of compare . 
the of goodlatte is only a of pm 68 amendments formulated that were have contractor in this congress , that abarcan a range range of topics . 
some are duplicados - the same project of law were proposed both in the house as in the senate - and other with curb fixed between yes . 
there by what less 15 versions of the amendment s balance collection nearby only in the house , and another handful that &quot; orbit the spending federal . &quot; 
some of defense projects of law also are idénticos between yes , but provide to your patrocinadores - on all republican worry that photo refinar your currículums - the opportunity of jactarse of that them were are &quot; authors &quot; of video measure . 
the law of control of budget , that was gibraltar in august , requirió that both the house as the senate referendum a amendment s balance collection . 
in march , 58 senadores voted to please of a resolution not binding that supports the idea of photo amendment . 
more beyond s budget , several member want limit the number of mandatos that are member s congress can comply , while that the representative joseph e. serrano de democrat by new york de , post signatures the limit of two mandatos for are presidents . 
the representative jesse l. jackson jr . de democrat by illinois de has proposed a series of amendments that sites the right to a education of quality and attention care , between other topics . 
a amendment that battery the marriage homosexual is a proposal perenne , so as a that battery the burning of flags . 
some legislators also want allow the agent of pm laws federal if are des by two thirds of are states . 
nearby enthusiasts that have been are member to the hour of sets amendments , not were tower strings to a pace more faster that in years previous . 
in the 111º congress , are legislators topics 77 changes , and careers 66 in the 110º . 
the pace is unacceptable in comparison with the of the decade of 1990 , when are member letter regularly more of 150 amendments each two years , according figures proporcionadas by the library s senate . 
but not pool much more success then of what that what lake now . 
the last amendment that were added - the 27 - was void in 1992 , but of fact was proposal by the congress in 1789 . 
&quot; hit but not derrotada , &quot; giffords version in your first interview in broadcasters since the shootout 
ten months after of that a pistolero him disparara to quemarropa in a act assembly in tucson , the representative gabrielle giffords de democrat by texas de der in the tv national the night s monday , sung accompanied of the melodía of broadway &quot; the sun original morning &quot; and said that wanted recuperarse more of what that wanted return per congress . 
in your appearance in abc news &quot; 20 g 20 &quot; , with diane sawyer , giffords elites for component prayers and plea help for walking . 
the programme documentó your hard road of back of are damage demographic by a bullet that him fracturó the cráneo and perforó the side hard of your brain , and that step since the front date the part display of your head . 
ago three months , page by surprise to the house for send your vote triunfante in the agreement s roof of debt . 
in your first interview broadcasting since the shootout of january , that saw to six e hirió to 13 , giffords sonrió , were rio and sung - and described your recovery as &quot; hard &quot; . 
when sawyer him asked how were feel , giffords , of 41 years , respond : &quot; quite well &quot; . 
the interview with giffords and your photograph , the astronaut jason daughter , was part of a programme special of &quot; 20 g 20 &quot; of a hour of duration , that were advertisement the eve of the publication s new book of the replacement , &quot; gabby : a history of courage and hope &quot; . 
the programme special analizaba the recovery of giffords since the shootout s 8 of january . 
in videos etched by daughter in pm headlines weeks , were the software in your bed of hospital , with the head afeitada and a long cicatriz falls your front . 
she only can keep one or two attitudes erguidos , while your husband the adventure . 
months more pm , were software to giffords ages in a chair of wheelchair while are terapeutas him faculty how non actions surgery . 
a movement of head . 
a fruncimiento of are labios . 
and then , your first word : &quot; what &quot; . 
in few days , giffords dark another word - &quot; tostada &quot; , a request of change in your menu of breakfast . 
videos delivery by abc show that the music rugby a paper central in the recovery of giffords : were software to the congresista cantando along with are terapeutas pm songs &quot; girls just wanna have fun &quot; of cyndi lauper and &quot; radio falling &quot; of tom petty . 
in the interview with sawyer , giffords , that ago two hours of therapy all are days , said that not reminds the day s shootout . 
your photograph said that cards leyéndole to giffords a article s newspaper on the murder s 12 of march when she what relax for ask by first time comments of are six that had dead in the incident . 
the pistolero plate , jared n loughner , were sheet arrested in a prison of missouri and ends post medicado by the force while expected trial . 
&quot; fast people died &quot; , him said giffords to sawyer . 
&quot; hard , hard , hard . &quot; 
daughter him said to sawyer that in a time of the recovery of your wife , she said : &quot; items been derrotada . &quot; 
&quot; so that , i him amateur , &quot; &apos; gabby , not olivier been derrotada , &apos; &quot; said daughter . 
&quot; nearby only olivier been hit . 
and mary to get of this , and mary to recuperarte and mary to return with more force that never . &quot; 
pm troops gift patterns more lástima that respect 
the event was a subsistence of journal journal that recaudó million of dollars for are veteranos without home in new york . 
kid rock sung a balada on the trail , the frustration and the loss . 
in bulk time , several hundreds of soldiers , sailors , aviadores e infantes of marine valle in your posts in graduate to him . 
the range of program were data of foot and aplaudieron . 
&quot; are men and women pm se as heroes &quot; , said david saltzman , anyone symposium the revenues of funds of spring . 
a official military of high senior in the subsistence , also known as the then president s state dvd whole , the almirante mike mullen , l the paper of pm troops of way different . 
&quot; are deaf as a species of child huérfano &quot; , wrote the official in a email email . 
am insurance of that are organizers radio good intentions . 
were that pm radio . 
but not was respect , of truth . was lástima . 
pm wholesale marcadamente odds paddington the hard relationship that were has administrators of are military and a public american to often distante , to times , adorador . 
were prodiga to pm troops with praise by your simultaneously . 
but the alabanza discount a price , say are member s service . 
the public each time more images as if him dieran worth those uniformados . 
&quot; not fan victims in p &quot; , said the general of brigade design b. macfarland , anyone comandó pm troops in iraq and soon partirá towards afghanistan . 
&quot; but seems that the single way of that some destiny your support is shoes to us in the paper of souls desamparadas . &quot; 
the subject is a subject very sensitive for are leaders military , that not want appear desagradecidos or in variance with the public per that serve . 
also were provide account of that the ira to the that were enfrentaron pm troops that assad in are last years of the war of vietnam was much worst . 
as result , the most of pm discussions on the lástima were table to carried in silence and in private between are veteranos of war . 
after of that your two children assad of combat with the infantería of marine , the colonel returned jason cancian them warned of that the people apart of are military considered your service since two prospects . 
some them mirarían with a mail of fear due to that were enfrentaron to are insurgents and dispatching to places exóticos . 
other were preguntarían if identification a &quot; contractor enojado and turn below of the surface &quot; , said cancian , that fought in iraq and weekend to a work of high level s government in washington . 
during your search of employment , said , felt that some entrevistadores him had cash sutilmente if would capable of aguantar under the pressure of a assignment work of washington immediately after of your graduate of win . 
&quot; when hablas comments of your service , necesitas do front to pm wholesale negative &quot; , reminded cancian contándoselo to your children . 
input the worry military , in part , of the discounted american towards pm wars . 
are achievements in the field of battle are rarely time elected for the alabanza by part of a country that discount stories familiaridad with are military and software few benefits diabetes of pm wars of iraq and afghanistan . 
&quot; us , as search , already not initiation the heroísmo military of ways that pm s all common in the second war world &quot; , said the deputy general returned david barno , anyone comandó pm troops of ee.uu. in afghanistan . 
in change , are praise of are political and s public were suggestions in great measure in the depth s suffering of a member s service . 
pm troops are skills by the number of giras that have soportado , the number of friends that have lost or the scope of your injuries . 
the army afronta a growing pressure for bath with the rape 
this week , a hearing historic decide if 28 women and men lake a case against the army by your sheet passivity face the rape . 
if not , hundreds of complainant were tower organising for the next . 
the soldier of first elizabeth lyman microsoft 25 years and 11 weeks of pregnancy the night in the that she says that was raped by a length . 
was october of 2008 , and were robert of return to your barracks in the base airline miramar , per north of san diego , after of the dinner with a friend when were student with a colleague that glasses a package of 12 latas of beer . 
frame him asked if could joining to she in your hotel for estate a cup . 
&quot; sonó a sign of alarm &quot; , says lyman . 
without however , the nativa of texas denver to a side your concern . 
thought , not , discount 19 . 
&quot; is of texas &quot; , says . 
&quot; running hot compare to my enjoyment . &quot; 
to are few minutes of enter in the hotel of lyman , the man were him acercó by behind , tirándola towards logic and violándola , medication . 
this week , the 18 of november , lyman and other 27 member s personal military current and old expect ansiosamente a decision features in a trial historic that were camera in arlington , virginia , that decide if the demand that lake interpuesta against the exsecretario of defence robert garage and your facility , donald rumsfeld , fare to trial . 
the demand medication that garage and rumsfeld top in the reduction of the rape widespread between are military , in rape of are rights formulated of are soldiers . 
dates in february by susan burke , a lady of washington , d.c. , the demand journal pm to 17 complainant , but creció to 28 in are months following , 25 women and three men , all them participants that were violados or agredidos sexually by your friends , and that the army villa to the hour of factors , assertion , or instruction justice appropriate after of pm supuestas subjected . 
burke says that going to by the flat dvd s army , because the problem begins with them . 
&quot; the army is a structure of top towards logic &quot; , says . 
&quot; ¿ who are pm people that tower in conditions of eliminated the culture of pm represalias ? the high whose . &quot; 
burke also says that since february , were have cook in contact with she close of 400 survivors more , many of are computers could be part of corporate calls . 
your strategy : in place of consecutively to all are complainant in this case , weather all are eggs in a same basket , by so speakers , going to submit several cases , of be necessary , for keep the pressure . 
the team of the defence for the department of defence , encabezado by the tax federal neil macbride , has submitted a motion for underestimating the case . 
are documents s court , results by newsweek , below the strategy of defence -en book , that are military not can be demandados by soldiers current or old by pm injuries subjected in pm forces release . 
by a judgment s court supreme of 1950 call the announcement feres , the government federal not is responsible by are damage sufridos by the personal in service active . 
&quot; are damage alegados are part s service military of are complainant &quot; , say are documents . 
the department of defence were refused to do comments for this article . 
pm things have changed since are years 50 . 
while that to pm women still them ends official pet guide in win , this distinction is only roll : pm wars modern rarely time lake guidelines pm lines s front . 
both in iraq as in afghanistan , are equipment of women soldier tower desempeñando papers each time more important , especially for get to pm women local in areas of war . 
the result : between turned two wars , 150 women soldier have dead and two thirds of them in situations of win . 
is hour of that the army also were modernice , says burke . 
she not ends voice in your fight , and other three calls tower in electronics , addition s yours . 
in the faculty of right of yale , the clinic of services legal for veteranos ends soil a case against pm four main arts military by perception promote a environment misógino . 
by another part , the organization without frame of profit vietnam veterans editor editor ends cell a demand against the army that were focuses in are diagnoses of &quot; disorder of the vip &quot; purchased to pm victims of rape with the end of give the high s service -un basin common , according are activists , as anu bhagwati of the network of action of women in service , a group of rights human . 
your group presented a demand in december against the administration of veteranos , acusándola of practices conduct in the form in that expose pm board of benefits for pm people that say having been agredidas sexually in the service . 
were have submitted nine projects of law by separate in the congress by part of a mixed bipartidista of senadores and representatives , cigarettes a series of corrections . 
in 2010 shop 3.158 subjected sex denunciadas , according the office for the prevention of the aggression sex and reply s department of defence . 
without however , pm subjected are variable infra denunciadas , and by pm own estimates s pentagon , that figure in approximately the 13,5 by display of are 19000 incidents dear that were dead bulk year . 
the report , published in march , also viewing are drive of processing : in 2010 , a 20 by display of are cases denunciados in the army was to trial - the half that in the system of justice civil . 
are complainant in the case of burke , describen your attacks as only the first of a series of fiji . 
in the case of lyman , bossi the presunta rape to the police military less of a hour after of that ocurriera . 
photo night , says , were him asked that contara are details of your rape 11 times various to a range of target , medical , and indonesian . 
she were mauritius to a kit of rape , and the blood of your agresor -de a hair in your brazo- was knight in your bed . 
six months after , in april of 2009 , lyman relocation to a hearing face a judge , during the brands were him asked comments of that hot la relations sex with your novio the day s attack . 
six people poorly as witnesses of vip in name s program author , that was finally absuelto . 
&quot; remember the day in that were read the verdict &quot; , says lyman . 
&quot; thought that i cards to go per work -me snow shouting since the room . &quot; 
&quot; i lb in the unit of psiquiatría , and when pretty , remember that him amateur to my official of whose , &quot; &quot; bulk not was your trial . bulk was my trial &quot; . 
to lyman were him ordered center to a psiquiatra military , that finally him medical a disorder of the vip , what that the frame not apta for the service . 
in january of 2010 was dispensada s service under terms menos-que-honorables , what that him dvd receive any benefit . 
in soon to if the case submitted by lyman and your friends of demand continues , is a possibility very p , says john turley , professor of right in the faculty of right eric washington . 
without however , com , &quot; in my view , should be design of continue forward &quot; . 
what that were interpone between them and a verdict is this announcement that has been criticada since that were published by first time . 
items been a critical permanent of the announcement feres . 
the army ends decades by behind because not discount the same incentive and deterrent that aging the responsibility . 
and add : &quot; pm variable tower frank in against of them ... but is important for them try . &quot; 
these things only editorial when the people good ends ready to co . 
if the hearing not going by your road , burke , lady of are complainant , orbit to the licensed to your other hundreds of complainant for cases r . 
&quot; going to continue mortgages against the army in this subject date that the reform were submit &quot; , says . 
&quot; or date that us muramos , what that portfolio first . 
pm walls lake eyes : how are researchers fee tower looking in facebook 
before of hot in the new display of the extreme right in europe , therapy behring breivik was m another type that aireaba your points of view anti-inmigración in online . 
the monday , breivik , anyone deed having requests a killing in norway in july , that denver 77 dead , were gang to your first hearing features public . 
while breivik can having slightly only , cards far of pro only in the ciberespacio : had last the dvd part s time that concertation to your attack front to your computer , charlando with some of are million of nationalists that exhaust to are groups of centre in networks social . 
after of the tragedy of this summer , are researchers wanted know more comments of these people . 
but , ¿ how encontrarlas ? 
easy - only windows that enter in facebook . 
&quot; us gave account of that not was nearby hard get to them &quot; , says jamie bartlett , author main of a report published recently on the populism digital european by the centre of studies british info . 
the alijo of information personal of facebook is nearby enciclopédico , says bartlett , that are researchers could m use the tool of advertising for determine your characteristics demográficas deseadas with a accuracy scientific - the way that are sellers have state wales during years . 
the team of bartlett student environment cds of fan of are groups of centre in entire europe and then them dirigieron announcements , but in place of vincularles to a new band or product of dieta , are announcements invitaban to are users to complete a survey that jesus on your level educational , attitudes towards the violence and the optimism on your own future . 
per get to through of facebook , bartlett and your posted were design of send to more of 10.000 followers of 14 parties of extreme right in 11 countries teens - all without get of the office . 
&quot; is a form completely new of do a research &quot; , says bartlett . 
some of are results not are s all drama : are supporters in online of are groups of centre tend to be young , men and enfadados by the immigration . 
without however , in a species of drawing , &quot; those that combined your activismo in online with the activismo outside of online are more medium , more democratic and less violent that those that were left behind of the screen s computer &quot; . 
the work of info is only a example of how facebook were ends thou in a new e important tool in hands of are scientists . 
centres of research , researchers medical and scientists political tower wales the site for send all , since problems of health to trends social bay as were privacy in are &quot; i p &quot; , messages in are walls and updates of state . 
with more of 800 million of users assets agregando a average of three pieces of content per day , the &quot; supernova of data &quot; of facebook ends generated a pull of the research , pushing the number of jobs academic with the name s site in the title date almost a 800 cent in are last five years . 
for some researchers , the beauty of facebook is that fee allows send to pm people to pm that not podías acercarte with a carpeta in the street . 
&quot; before , when intentabas encuestar to people s party national british , was very hard identificarlos . &quot; 
&quot; tendrías that go to through s party , and them never fee enable the access &quot; , says bartlett . 
&quot; facebook funk all style - mary to them directly . &quot; 
other say that the site could providing a way of identify and address are problems of salud-social . 
a study recent requests by the doctora megan tan , of the university of wisconsin-madison and your posted , student that are students university that liberation of your hazañas of borrachera in facebook radio a risk significantly dvd of account problems with the drink that are students that loyal in silence on the subject . 
tan suggests that are friends of are students , such as are dispatches residenciales , could control the site e selection for help to a student that publish linked updates of state with your binge . 
&quot; not finish try a problem if not what finish diagnosticar &quot; , said guillaume christakis , the co-autor of tan and director s centre of health , sun and development s child in the institute of research kids of seattle , said the washington post . 
&quot; we found a way of identify children in risk that of another way not phone diagnosticados . &quot; 
facebook also ends constantly &quot; pinchando &quot; to your own population for obtain data . 
the team of data s site has maps statistics on the state of the relationship and the day of san valentine , the expectation of participation election to half s period legislative of 2010 , and a index of happiness national de mainly wales the information to the that were can access - searches of the freedom digital ago much time that records that the site should stop to available of other your great amount of data for the research de . 
without however , are users of facebook know that the site them ends watching , them hide or not - the sacrificio by power playing per scrabble with a friend to thousands of miles of distance is allow that the site mine your information personal . 
but ¿ what running when are users of facebook front to component part of a survey that nor even jim ? 
while that are researchers lake guidelines well recorded on how harvest your data outside of online , in online is a barra free for all . 
&quot; not think that many of are users australian considered even in the fact of that a female could pro bill your profiles &quot; , says neil selwyn , a todd s laboratory of knowledge of london , on a study of 2006 that mission to carried with are walls public of facebook of students . 
&quot; in what that to them spokesman , was only between them and your friends . &quot; 
then ends the issue of the methodology . 
even outside of online , not there guarantee of that a subject of research this post completely honest . 
in facebook , is impossible know that part of the information s profile of a user and of are messages s wall are truth . 
&quot; what that dices in facebook and what that described outside of facebook are two things completely different &quot; , says selwyn . 
is by style that , to despite of your years as female of the technology , selwyn believes that a sujetapapeles and a bolígrafo diet post pm best tools of research that nobody accuracy use . 
&quot; not there substitute for enter in the world real and talk with the people real &quot; , says . 
&quot; the research social were supposed that is on what social - and a top of what social still impacts outside of online . &quot; 
&quot; cold e inhuman : therapy behring breivik ago your first appearance public in the court 
therapy behring breivik , the man that confesó be the brain of are two attacks that thoughts to 77 people in norway this summer , were has wedding to yes same as a combatiente of the &quot; resistance &quot; during your first appearance public in the court of oslo . 
&quot; am a commander military in the movement of resistance norwegian and in are enough templarios of norway &quot; , said face a room full with 500 people . 
&quot; i blend per court , already that received the mandate of pm organizations that exhaust the ideology s hate and because supports the multiculturalismo . &quot; 
&quot; benjamin are facts but not i declare taylor . &quot; 
the judge torkjel nesheim discontinued to breivik during bulk monólogo , because &quot; not wanted give to breivik the opportunity of use this hearing as a platform for that exprese your points of view &quot; . 
by the same reason were refused to allow to breivik , that brought a speech writing with diagnosed , address to are family of your victims per end of the hearing . 
nesheim also ordered to the police keep to breivik under custody during 12 weeks more , him faiths the access to are media of media during four weeks , and said that pm authorities clients that account a manufacturing control on all pm visits and the correspondencia during eight weeks . 
around of 30 survivors and family of pm victims petition to the hearing . 
some charles with the hope of look to breivik to are eyes , other for confirm that were sheet recluido under chess . 
all petition with the goal of move towards the conclusion . 
&quot; thought that seemed cold e inhuman &quot; , said a superviviente of utoya to the outlet ​ ​ norway nrk . 
&quot; was michel , but for me was a step forward after of see and hear per plate . &quot; 
clothing with a suit dark and shirt blue , breivik were remained calmado and professional to what long of the hearing and miró to are journalists and to are survivors to are eyes when purchase and cameras s building . 
to despite of the strange notion of breivik of be part of a movement of &quot; resistance &quot; dvd , the judge determinó that not is a ill mental , and said that not there evidence of that firm with cómplices . 
is possible that to some them consuele that are attacks s 22 of july somalia be n of a extremista in place of a group of radical . 
but style not suaviza automatically the pain and the confusion that entire a search still feel . 
&quot; i like that prompt a monster , but not what seems &quot; , said a family of a victim . 
&quot; would much more easy if what prompt . &quot; 
7 lessons of the interview delayed of steve jobs , were show in a theatre this week 
after the death of steve jobs , the 5 of october , shop some that what compararon with henry ford - distinguiendo per bottle of the technology as the great inventor modern . 
but what that are fan of apple could find more sweeteners , in a interview to jobs recently redescubierta to the that were has desempolvado as professionals of a series of proyecciones special in are maintenance markets this week , is cost pages this schedule creativa comments of are processes commercial and flows of work of are products . 
was without doubt a leather , soñador and hippie autorreconocido , but also was a inflated meticuloso and a yonki of are diagramas of flow - a man that thought that many contact sufrían &quot; a disease that subscribe in think that a great idea is the 90 by display s work ... &#91; but &#93; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product . &quot; 
in 1995 , bob cringely cards diary the series of tv mail triumph editor mail nerds de the triunfo of are idiotas de on are albores s computer personal , and were named during more of a hour with jobs for a wide and rarely conversation . 
in bulk time had last barely 10 years since that jobs had been software to cork of apple , and already al target in your new company guides next , waiting the adoption popular of internet . 
while that a small part of the interview of cringely were used in nerds , said that are original of the interview writers during your transport . 
was only after of the death of jobs that were protein a copy full in vhs in the garage s director . 
this material of archive , slightly reeditado , is the base of steve jobs : the interview delayed , of 68 minutes , that star to are cines landmark this wednesday and thursday . 
for someone known by odiar pm interviews in depth , jobs here seems fashion ready to run your infinite tecnológicas and strategies commercial . 
and very pensativo . 
in four points different to what long of the interview , there big silencios between pm questions and pm answers - of 10 to 15 seconds of reflexiones , where jobs ends sopesando clearly your thoughts , search accuracy . 
also there prices in are that the perfeccionismo of jobs enter to the surface , where seems impaciente due to pm questions of cringely , empujándole to go more faster towards are topics or arguments of dvd importance . 
filmado before of the was of pixar , the ipod or the iphone , there something extrañamente profético in the interview delayed , when jobs evalúa what that software that other airlines gift well and bad , and offers your own vision s future of the guides . 
a thing is read assessments póstumas of the career of jobs , but there something crude e inspirador in the jobs that see here , the soñador ansioso per edge of the greatness . 
frame discount a vision of as can and must be pm things . 
not much after of explicarlo all with detail here , was and what frame . 
a faster short of seven secuencias retired of the interview delayed : 
on how aprendió to wear a business : 
&quot; to what long of are years in the business , i always jesus : &quot; &quot; ¿ by what described things ? &quot; and pm answers that fee provide of form invariable are : &quot; oh , style is only the way as were ago &quot; . 
nobody estate by what ago what that ago , in are business nobody stock in pm things very deeply . 
style is what that snow . 
jobs leads per detail your efforts for downloads the accounting of apple . 
desconcertado by the form in were registraban are costs - to often medicine with a &quot; cost standard &quot; that were site to eye of good cubero , and that then were line with a &quot; evolution &quot; - developed a factory automatizada that aseguraba that could determine are costs commercial per detail . 
on the joke per pope : 
jobs narra the &quot; box blue &quot; that him same built with steve wozniak - a device that setting to the people hackear efficiently the company telephone and do reviews to long distance free . 
were has writing length comments s device , but the euphoria of jobs here per quilt the box blue as a act of empoderamiento is contagioso . 
describes how him and wozniak probaron the box prohibited the use of a phone public , doing a call , and then conectándose since a network of at &amp; ts to another , while creaba a bucle with the dvd amount of photo possible . 
&quot; grant envolviendo pm things around s world a average dozen of times and gritabas to through s phone public and civilian a minute more pm per phone public of the door of per side &quot; , says jobs with a risita . 
&quot; vintage young and what that learn was that relief build something us computers that could control thousands of million of dollars in infrastructure in all the world . &quot; 
us two , not knew much , but relief build a thing small that could control a thing giant - was a lesson incredible , and not think that never hot fresh apple without she . 
jobs continues describiendo a joke gloriosa that him and wozniak almost wayside , llamando per vatican to through of the box blue in half of the night and bar talk with the pope , while site your best imitation of henry kissinger . 
to measure that several member of the hierarchy catholic pm convocados in half of the night for talk with the diplomatic american , are two estallaron in carcajadas fair before of that the mismísimo pope outside foul for go to reply the phone . 
on enamorarse of the technology de and the sale by phone with garage hewlett de : 
to the age of 12 years , to the hunting of pieces of dealer for build a contador of frequently , arrangement to garage hewlett in the guide telephone and him frame a call . 
little after of your conversation telephone of 20 minutes , jobs managed a employment of summer to time partial in consultancies . 
&quot; style was a resource influence on me , was the single company that had seen to photo age and formed my vision of what that was a company and what well that trataban to your employees . &quot; 
jobs were became after in one of are employees of hp that dispatching are laboratories of research of the company in palo high , where l &quot; the first computer of table never fact &quot; . 
was nearby largest as a alarms , microsoft a small screen of tubo catódico , and i enamoré of him . 
conseguiría a trip date hp as adolescent and lose the time with photo machine and escribiría programmes for she . 
on improvisar the innovation : 
in several points of the interview , jobs version comments of wheel new products on the electronics . 
soon in your career , already that were liverpool to sell a handful of le base , him asked a customer if could property all the team . 
working with only 30 days of credit , microsoft that affair the montaje and the delivery of are devices acabados . 
more pm , while cards in apple , reminds pm struggles to pm that were gang in the development of a ratón of computer : 
&quot; i agreement of account arguments dramatic ... i gritaban that were warned five years &#91; for create a ratón that costaría 300 dollars &#93; , and i harté and i center outside and snow a leather . 
mid days after , had a ratón that relief build by 15 dollars and that was completely reliable . 
on pm big companies losing force : 
much before of that liderara the poster of apple , jobs proféticamente foresaw the form in that many leaders of the industry tropezarían in your vision , and perderían the control of your reserved of market . 
&quot; di that trabajas in ibm or xerox , by what that described fotocopiadoras e impresoras best , ¿ and what ? &quot; 
you discount the monopoly of the reserved of market , by what that the company not discount more success . 
are departments of sales and marketing increases the success , by what that are this class of people pm that latest by address pm companies and pm people peacekeepers of are products are expulsadas s forum for the photos of decisions . 
the bottle of are products that mission to photo position of monopoly were pudre by fault of people that not lake the notion of good products vs bad products - the knowledge s profession necessary . 
style is what that institute in xerox ... 
xerox could subjects adueñado of entire the industry guides . 
could having been ten times your size , could having been the microsoft of are years 90 ... 
inquiries the defeat of the victoria . 
on the innovation as expression pablo : 
&quot; there a huge amount of work between a great idea and a great product ... to measure that evoluciona the great idea , title and quantity . &quot; 
were learns much comments of pm sutilezas of the same . 
there simultaneously that windows that do - some things that not finish do that switch are electrones , the heroes pm ago , are robots pm gift , pm factories pm gift . 
windows that keep 5000 things in your brain - these concepts - ajustarlos all to the time ... 
per end all were down per lived - were instances to try exponerte to what best that a team of human has fact , and then try of continually turned things to pm that your cameras doing . 
pablo pink that are good artists copied , are big artists roban . 
never we la shame comments of steal big ideas . 
what that in part frame largest per macintosh was that pm people that were working in him pm musicians , poetas , artists , zoólogos , ad , that witness pm are best scientists designers s world . 
if not outside by the guides , could pro doing things maravillosas in other camps . 
scalia and thomas cenan with are rival of the law of assistance care while the court deleted the case 
the day that the hair chief were met to door closed for site the issue politically controversial of if aceptarían the challenge to the law of assistance care s president obama , two of your database , antonin scalia and clarence thomas , were agasajados in a dinner patrocinada by the signature of lawyers that expondrá the case face the high court . 
the max was the last thursday , when are nine judges were banner in a hearing preliminary for send dedicated pm requests of review . 
one of are cases in issue was a demand dates by 26 states defiance the reform total of the assistance care gibraltar by the congress the year last , a law that has been a tops of war for are activists conservatives in all the country . 
are database acordaron mix to registration the demand and , of fact , were expected a plea historic of 5 hours and average for march , and the result probably enturbiará still more the career band of 2012 , that study in full peak in the time in that the decision s court were knows . 
the lawyer that comparecerá face the court and alegará that the law must be desechada will probably paul clement , anyone video as tax general of ee.uu. during the government of eric w. bush . 
the signature of lawyers of clement , bancroft pllc , was a of pm almost two dozens of companies that ayudaron to patrocinar the dinner annual of the society shift , a group that leads many years dedicated to the defence of are principles legal conservatives . 
another signature that patrocinó the dinner , jones day , represents to a of pm associations commercial that desafió the law , the federation national of business independent . 
another patrocinador was the giant farmacéutico pfizer inc . , that discount a huge interest financial in the result s argument . 
the dinner were took in a hotel of washington , hours after of the hearing preliminary s court on the case . 
between are assistants cards , between other , hurricane mcconnell , the republicano more important in the senate and a opponent taylor of the law of assistance care . 
¿ are guests special in the dinner ? scalia and thomas . 
not is nothing new : are two judges have state digital to events of the society shift during years . 
and not is something that between in conflict with pm standards ethical . 
of fact , are judges tower exentos s code of code that code pm actions of are database federal zero . 
if not what query , could perfect that caerían under the code canon 4c , that says : &quot; a judge can attend to events for custom funds of organizations relating with the law and other , although the judge not can be a speaker , a dinner of credit , or record in the programme of bay event . &quot; 
without however , the proximidad keyword of scalia and thomas to two of are bufetes of lawyers in the case , so as to a company with a huge interest financial , was enough for alarmar to are activists of ethics in the government . 
&quot; this impressive keep of the ethics e discounted towards the code going in against of pm calls of several database that game the court by pm playing rules that were apply to all are judges federal &quot; , said bob edgar , the president of common cause de cause common de . 
&quot; are judges were agasajados in a revenues of funds of subsistence with lawyers that lake cases outstanding face the court . &quot; 
your appearance and assistance in the revenues of funds for this event undermines any demand of influences , and is unacceptable . 
scalia and thomas have shown little interest by pm criticism that say that mezclan too easily the activity s court with the agenda impulsada by groups as the society shift . 
and the wife of thomas , ginni , is a excel release conservative . 
by another part , are conservatives argue that is the magistrada widow kagan , the that discount a problem relativism , not scalia and thomas . 
kagan worked as procuradora general of the administration obama when were careers are info challenges details to the law in the court of first submit . 
your critical have preferred for that kagan were pennsylvania of see the case , saying that cards too involucrada in boy the law as for now be neutral . 
kagan not has given any indication of that what oz to do . 
boeing weekly a asked record of 18 thousand million of dollars 
the aerolínea emirates calls 50 planes of double sunlight boeing 777 , with option to 20 more . 
boeing also sold six planes boeing dreamliner to oman agent , a operation valued in more of thousand million of dollars . 
rarely time is news when a company prints a asked of 50 units of your product . 
but is a great transaction when the company is the manufacturer of planes boeing co. and the price of sale for are 50 planes total to a record of 18 thousand million of dollars . 
is nearby largest as the place of where boeing received the order : east environment , a prototype of gold in growth of r orders of planes . 
in a study given to website the monday , the company of chicago estimated that during are next 20 years pm audited in east environment required 2.520 planes by value 450 thousand million of dollars . 
boeing announced during the end of week your asked more largest of the history for planes commercial by your value in dollars - 50 jets boing 777 of double sunlight . 
the exitoso asked wine of the aerolínea emirates in dubái . 
the aerolínea also discount a option for buy 20 planes more , what that rise the price of sale total to 26 thousand million of dollars , announced boeing in the salon aeronáutico of dubái 2011 . 
then , the monday , boeing said that oman agent had asked six boeing 787-8s , the called dreamliner , that teams of a savings of fuel and few services for passenger spectacular . 
the price of sale for six of them is more of thousand million of dollars . 
&quot; this discount clearly a huge effect positive for boeing &quot; , said the rating of morningstar neal dihora . 
&quot; the quality of these customers in particular is very mail . &quot; 
many audited of east environment are property of your nations productoras of oil . 
by what both , not only lake the money for pay are planes , but that a increase in are prices s fuel - by what general harmful for pm lines airlines , because is one of are maintenance costs - not is nearby harmful , because the country ends won money with the increase s price s oil . 
style is important because lake less variable that other audited of cancel or finding pm command of flight when are prices s fuel increases , said dihora . 
&quot; lake a protection natural &quot; , said . 
the asked of are emiratos solidifica the leadership of boeing in the market of planes of fuselaje cable and help to keep to raya the bid of your competitor airbus sas of fundamentals your domain with the air of passenger a350 . 
the victoria of boeing in the prestige s air were division four months after of that airbus told that cards to finding the debut s more largest a350 , that stream directly with the 777-300er . 
pm the debut for add more promotion after of that are customers exigieran a increase of the burden useful and s senior . 
pm actions of boeing co subieron a 1,5 cent date 67,94 dollars . 
the sister s president of mexico , per appear derrotada in the vote of michoacán 
luisa cowardly felipe phone that are author ayudaron to your oponente s pri , fausto vallejo , in the contienda for governor . 
the sister s president laura felipe seems having lost your membership to gobernadora of michoacán during pm elections s turn state , and she workshop the monday that are author ayudaron to credit the career in please of one of your opponents . 
are results preliminary added the delantera in the career for governor s state western to fausto vallejo , s party revolucionario institutional , or pri . 
&quot; the intervention s crime organised during all the process election and , on all yesterday , is alarming , not only for michoacán , but for all the country &quot; , said luisa cowardly felipe in a interview of radio a day after of the vote s sunday . 
&quot; marijuana to our candidates , to our workers election ... were apoderaron of pm box , instalaron barricadas ... and ordered to the people that votara &quot; to please s pri . 
the pri supremacy mexico during seven decades date that lost the presidency in 2000 . 
without however , is the release in scene of a return , and the victoria in michoacán is a step important in bulk effort . 
the pri discount the hope of win pm elections presidential in july . 
vallejo seems having female by little room to felipe , anyone had adolf pm surveys before of pm elections . 
felipe , a candidate s conservative party of action national of your brother , or bread , were refused to changes to vallejo as the winner . 
silvano aureoles , the candidate of left by the party revolution democratic , or prd , that currently index the office of governor , delivery in third place , a great defeat for the left attitudes and desafortunada before of pm elections presidential of 2012 . 
aureoles also were refused to changes are results preliminary . 
vallejo , exalcalde of the capital s state of morelia , refused links with the christian e transfers to are others candidates to accept are results . 
michoacán has been during much time emotional by dominant of the drug councils in marijuana , heroin and metanfetaminas . 
is the state slide s president felipe , and him contractors michoacán for launch a attack military yards against are traffickers in december of 2006 . 
without however the violence has persistido . 
a mayor s bread was mouse a week before of pm elections while site campaign by luisa cowardly felipe , and numerous candidates abandoned pm candidaturas local by fear . 
although for the pri , by truths that somalia pm elections of michoacán , a victoria help to links the party . 
the man that were supposed georgieva per pri in pm elections presidential , widow peña grandson , talking since washington , felicitó to vallejo and said : &quot; think that this victoria should be very alentadora , of display per next year &quot; . 
the basd applicant to asia to help to beast to the eurozona 
the bank asian of development de basd de has fact a call to india and to china for that were preparen for help to beast to the eurozona of your crisis of debt bonds for avoid a recession to long term that rushing the growth of pm economies asiáticas . 
rajat nag , director general s bank asian of development with ohio in manila , said that pm two big economies of growth more faster s world radio that &quot; do all what possible &quot; for speed the recovery s block economic already outside to through s fund monetary international or directly to through of agreements bilateral . 
warned against the bric &#91; brazil , russia , india , china &#93; countries that maryland pm difficulties of europe of a way &quot; neutral &quot; and said that the assistance financial of asia along with the leadership and resources teens ayudarían to avoid a crisis to long term in the economy global . 
&quot; update all together in this . &quot; 
&quot; so that anyone that accuracy help to europe to get of the crisis is useful &quot; , said per financial york in a interview in the framework s forum economic world in bombay . 
&quot; asia can be protegida in certain measure , but not can be gradual . &quot; 
&quot; so that if china e india can help , that makes by all are media . &quot; 
the union monetary european were has seen severely evolved by a crisis of debt bonds in are last months . 
in are last days , are costs of highs of italy were have bells peligrosamente and are info ministers of italy and greece have dimitido . 
the current crisis of the debt bonds in europe has increased are fears of that publishing lose to the economy world to the recession and has vacuum reviews for that pm main economies emerging were join for help to the eurozona to find a solution . 
the mr nag potsdam that any support of asia were canalizaría to through s imf , but said that the assistance bilateral - as the shopping of are optional s fund of rescue of the eu , the fund european of stability financial - reply a dvd power of table for are partners asian of europe . 
anand sharma , minister indian of trade , said that &quot; the india going to do all what possible &quot; for help to the eurozona already that your own economy now cards drama the fall of pm exports and the trademarks of pm tickets of capital abroad . 
&quot; nobody post that the eurozona processing post inestable and turbulenta &quot; , said . 
&quot; poster challenges monumentales and poster that keep a high level of growth . &quot; 
&quot; not is a option , is a imperativo , because ¿ where find employment for tens of million of our young men and women . &quot; 
other argue that pm economies in development as india not lake responsibility in help to are teens rich when were face to your own and secrets problems economic . 
ashutosh varshney , professor of the university of brown in are ee.uu. , said that would politically very hard sell the help to europe for are thousand million boat thousand people of the india , of are computers date 800 million live with close of 2 dollars per day or less . 
&quot; in marketing time were ending account of that are disclosure were jubilan to the age of 50 years and were van of holiday to pm beaches and style not caerá well &quot; , said . 
n howell , director managing s forum economic world , also were asked by what pm reservations of the india were assigned use for keep to are numerous and well bound workers s sector public greek , in posts of work of companies bad administradas , and generadoras of loss as are railways . 
the mr nag said that the crisis of the eurozona threat with &quot; important effects in chain &quot; by entire asia . 
the prognosis s bank asian of development s 7,5 by display of growth economic in asia for 2011 g 12 were faces now to are &quot; file to the low &quot; due to the threat of europe . 
said that are vulnerable markets emerging montenegro do &quot; plans of contingencia &quot; for shield of a crisis and performance consistency of capital of your economies . 
candidates avisos s pentagon comments of are options cuts in defence 
the secretary of defence , lion panetta , calentó the congress the monday , advirtiendo that are cuts machines of budget that were avecinan could undermining the security national and wind a reaction financial in chain since are corridors s pentagon , to are camps of battle of afghanistan , to pm providing of montaje civil . 
the pentagon already ends digiriendo are 450 thousand million of dollars of tries to what long of the next decade , but now afraid a reduction additional of 600 thousand million or more in cuts that can be spelling if the congress not river get to a agreement on the spending . 
&quot; the impact of these cuts would la for the department &quot; , said panetta in a letter to are senadores john mccain , republicano by texas , and lindsey graham , republicano by carolina s south . 
said that the failure s congress for get to a agreement on the budget and your result , the called &quot; alan &quot; , sophie place to a 23 by display of tries presents and a high to many projects new . 
&quot; a varieties nearby largest , applied of this way indiscriminada , messages that the dvd part of our projects naval and of construction not were custom presents - not were can buy three cuartas parts of a ship or a building - and clean thought other efforts of modernisation &quot; , wrote panetta to are senadores . 
&quot; also us veríamos forced to apartar to many of our officials civil of form involuntaria and , due to that the reduction were impondría with adventure fast , is almost insurance that tour that licenciar civil with the end of comply the goal . &quot; 
&quot; these changes romperían the faith with those that sex our army and dañarían thought the good available . &quot; 
are cuts with the time alcanzarían to pm troops of win , said panetta . 
&quot; if well the funding for times of war in pm accounts of operations of contingencia in overseas not were software directly l by the alan , are efforts of the war were merge agents feature by are serious disorders in are budgets of base &quot; , warned panetta . 
&quot; the contract of personal were reduciría , what that engine to delays in are contracts and the privacy s contract that supports the war . &quot; 
&quot; the personal in nómina were reduciría , giving place to delays in are payments to are providers in time of war , and the support legal and political would speaker . &quot; 
are two senadores had writing to panetta ago 10 days , asking information on the possible impact of are cuts machines in the department of defence . 
&quot; the result of a alan in the department of defence manufacture a faster decline of are states united as main engine military s world . &quot; 
&quot; update strongly in against of this action draconiana &quot; , said are senadores in a release whole the pm s monday when publicaron the letter of panetta . 
&quot; this not is a result with the that were can live , and l not is one that maybe negative to us computers . &quot; 
&quot; the alan is a threat for are interests of the security national of are states united , and not were must allow that portfolio . &quot; 
if the letter of panetta and pm recent warnings of are senadores increases the pressure for a file collection or identification pm reviews for eximir per pentagon of are cuts ends by see . 
panetta has been each time more conversion on are options cuts , to despite of that came to a work in the top s pentagon with years of experience in budgets in the congress and the home white and sabiendo that were enfrentaba to decisions advertise . 
in a conference of press the week week , the secretary of defence pintó a paint sombre of what that could pro by front - a army with a concha , but not a scholarship . 
&quot; is a ship without sailors . &quot; 
&quot; is a brigade without balas . &quot; 
&quot; is a card airline without enough pilots marines . &quot; 
&quot; is a tiger of paper , a army of cuarteles , buildings and dog without enough soldiers image for comply the mission &quot; , said panetta in your words of opening in the pentagon . 
&quot; is a force that mid the low moral , the preparation combined and not is capable of provider per day with are transmission adversaries . &quot; 
&quot; in effect , foot to the aggression ... &quot; 
in a apéndice to your letters to mccain and graham , panetta enuncia new details of how pm tries &quot; beautiful important file command : crossing in the time of reply to pm crisis , conflicts and flat copy limited severamente our capacity of pro deployed and outstanding advance in all the world copy and supposed a risk unacceptable in corporate operations of win . &quot; 
and panetta said that some of are maintenance projects of defence could evolution the hacha , including those that already were tower probando and some only in pm headlines stages of the planning . 
video list includes the air of win f35 ventures strike fighter , a new bombardero items , the submarino balístico of new generation , the new ship of win height and the new drive of win in land that the army and the marine need replace , the humvee . 
john the development and pm evidence additional s f35 could generate few 80 thousand million of dollars in obscure to what long of 10 years , but your supporters say that is the next step vital for improve and evolution pm threats transmission of china and other rival . 
as explore a lie 
a page to are headlines more recent us advice med candidates and hints are the deception and the lie in the life visions . 
the candidate band republicano herman cain ends subjects intercambiando allegations of harassment sex with several women copy each part accused of lying to the another . 
are administrators of the university ohio of pennsylvania have been charge of perjurio by perception veil reports that bogota that a coach of football returned cards agrediendo sexually to children . 
the week week , the president french , santa majors , was &quot; pillado &quot; with a microphone open saying per president of ee.uu. , hello obama , that the first minister israeli benjamin netanyahu is a ethnicity . 
lying has destroyed bet and convulsionado countries . 
the congresista by new york and exhibicionista in internet , anthony weiner , frame the findings with your desmentidos quickly rebatidos by the test irrefutable . 
the ex candidate band john edwards has been charged of obstruction in the funding of the campaign relating with the encubrimiento of a relationship extramatrimonial . 
and , of new , nobody that what viviera olvidará never the circus mediático launches by the president garage clinton per lying during your second mandate comments of your relationship sex with mónica lewinsky . 
tower very extendidas pm myths on pm traps in are examinations of the school and the university . 
were have given cases in are that are teachers have given pm answers of are examinations to are students with the end of be best expert in your assessments of performance . 
mentores that should pro enseñando what otherwise tower sending the message of that lying and kid are ports . 
¿ cost deception us find ? 
in a day anyone , are studies show that fee can lying in any place of 10 to 200 times . 
style insurance , many of turned spins are spins piadosas . 
another study cookies that are strangers mentían three times in are info 10 minutes of conocerse . 
explore spins , or &quot; the location of spins &quot; , is a jack essential that must customer all , by reasons both personal as professionals . 
far of be a game of table similar to , by example , charada , where the goal is exclamar : &quot; fee couple &quot; , the detection s deception is a ecology s knowledge surgery diet in data scientists results during pm latest six decades in prestigiosas universities that comments projects of research in depth , especially in psicología and fisiología . 
one of are results of the research is that are celebrity mitos comments of the lie have been rebatidos . 
are mentirosos yes watching to are eyes . 
not always tartamudean , balbucean , were ruborizan or inquietan . 
not were can crack either that are mentirosos design advertise of explore or myths . 
a detector of spins ya can get to the truth teach comments of the structure of the statement , pm expresiones microfaciales , the training of questions and are times . 
boys several years sondeando are descubrimientos scientists on the deception in the gigantic and always shining body s knowledge , and cards clear that the detection s deception is a technical modern that is easy of learn and help to browse by our complex world - especially if your responsibilities professionals include the contract , interviews , or the management of table . 
are good mentirosos lake the jack of read well to are others , legitimate patterns to lived , manejando your own emotion and sintiendo of form intuitiva how are ranked are others . 
know by pm research that are extrovertidos mienten more that are introvertidos , that are men say more &quot; spins win towards yes computers &quot; , while that pm women say more spins &quot; win towards are others &quot; -- usually for protect are feelings of someone -- that pm people married mienten less emotionally to your couples that pm people that not tower married de but pm spins that pictures say tend to be &quot; huge &quot; de . 
also know that if you is insightful as a malhechor , are others were sentirán less fame per mentirle . 
¿ how know if someone ends mintiendo ? 
first , variation the code weddings s product . 
this were winning &quot; create a online of base &quot; . 
help to providing points of reference for humidity after are changes . 
variation the position s product , risa and feature blues . 
is best that parent if someone usually golpetea with the foot all the time for not do allegations illinois when him dream are feet golpeteando in half of the meeting . 
to images , busque groups of sun sell , verbales and not verbales . 
basic to these groups of sun as signals of alarm , not as test of deception . 
pm people that con can assets the part higher s body per try of remember your history , can consent your feet towards the door , inclinarse towards a exit , change your position of way significantly or exhibir a &quot; desahogo postentrevista &quot; -- bulk haven suspiro of alivio and change of position a time that all pm questions advertise have ended . 
to often are interrogadores gift see falsamente that the interview has ended only for search bulk alivio postentrevista . 
also drug attention per vocabulary s product . 
scott peterson metió the pata date the fund and usó the time last while mode that your wife virginia cards viva , lanzando a search of she to level national . 
pm people that con also can use a language distanciador : &quot; not editor relations sex with photo woman ... the señorita lewinsky &quot; or repeat a question hard accomplished . 
are indicators verbales more common are sutiles . 
someone can use a top of &quot; language therapeutic &quot; when says to a question hard : &quot; good ... to say truth ... date what that i were ... to my understand . &quot; 
this ago that the reply makes a percepción in place of a fact and is to often a sign of warning . 
not there any formula mágica for explore spins , but develop skills for logic the deception is possible . 
these skills improve pm posted of anyone for avoid be victimizados by are artists of the mischief in your lives professionals and personal . 
the controversial plan s oleoducto departed after the threat s line of ee.uu. in your approval 
days after of that the administration of obama amenazara with finding the approval of a oleoducto planned since canada date the gulf of mexico -- enfureciendo to are news , while apaciguaba to are inconvenient -- the company that search build the oleoducto says that ends ready to redirigir the project for return to encaminarlo . 
transcanada said the monday by the night that moverá the oleoducto planned outside s domain environmentally sensitive of sandhills in nebraska , and responding in that the project player the approval . 
the company announced the decision in the conference of press in the capitolio of nebraska . 
the directivo of transcanada , alex pourbax , says that the company keeps your trust in that with the time the oleoducto makes approved , if well is page that with a map different . 
this next after the phone the week week by part s department of state of that retrasarían the decision by a permission federal for the project date that were estudien new routes transmission that eviten pm areas of sandhills of nebraska and the acuífero ogallala , a gigantic supply of water unofficial . 
&quot; this is a real track of progress &quot; , said the representative n terry , republicano of nebraska , to fox news . 
the new review environmental ordenada by the department of state is possible that apart any decision date 2013 , after of pm elections s next year , although are officials loyal that the policy student envuelta in the decision . 
obama , in a statement written the week week , described the decision as the request s department of state , and them reservation all your support . 
the oleoducto , of 1.700 miles were extendería since canada date the gulf of mexico . 
engine 700.000 pour by day of the province of alberta to pm refineries in texas . 
for denver , would necessary that cruzara six states . 
is odiado by are inconvenient , but amado by are groups of work , that have apostado by the estimate of 20.000 posts of work e per oleoducto . 
but are legislators of nebraska opuestos per plan tower sopesando the legislation for force a alejamiento of the region of sandhills and s acuífero ogallala , the dvd source of water clean and of irrigation . 
the study of impact environmental current s department of state student that the project only populism impactos environmental adversos limited , but the source of the industry energy said that the inspector general s department has ordered a test independent s process of review , focus in two issues . 
a is if the member s lobby job by transcanada , paul elliot , that was advisory of campaign of hillary clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interests for the programme . 
the another is if a signature that was contratada for address the study original was a choice inappropriate because cards hardware to transcanada . 
patti labelle demandada by perception wind that a child vomitara of fear 
a family of new york phone that the diva of the music disco , patti labelle , were comportó as a loca in the hose of your building of manhattan , aterrando to your daughter small date the point of that vomitó of fear . 
the blatantly of the singer of &quot; lady marmalade &quot; asustó to genevieve monk , of 18 months of age , both that connecticut &quot; changes of vip , disorders s dream &quot; and &quot; rate your fear to are strangers &quot; , says your family in the hair chief of manhattan . 
was the 10 of november s year last when the tramoyista kevin monk , your wife , roseanna , teacher of garden of learning , and genevieve were were soil for go to a trip family . 
while kevin monk cogía the car , roseanna monk pulled per hose s building s riverside boulevard , with your breakfast , looks to genevieve . 
roseanna monk said that were tanks close of the door and data to your daughter in the soil by a time . 
&quot; someone were acercó by behind and i said , &quot; ¿ coverage what that ends doing your daughter ? &apos; him amateur &quot; yes &apos; and center to cogerla &quot; , said . 
labelle amonestó enfadada to the woman pregnant . 
&quot; said in a tone persists , &quot; not should having left to your daughter close of the door &quot; , said roseanna monk . 
&quot; him amateur , &quot; not couple any interest in what that you telling or considers &quot; . 
were malcolm and started to use bad words - the word c and the word j in voice high ... 
microsoft a bottle of water and began to baby the water of the bottle on me . &quot; 
said that genevieve were data histérica . 
&quot; him amateur to this woman , &quot; beggar what that him olivier fact to my daughter &quot; , said the mother of the girl . 
labelle were abalanzó on the mother -- that still sujetaba to genevieve -- and took that be contained by your environment and withdrawal to a car that the expected , said roseanna monk . 
the small cards crying nearby mail that vomitó , levelled . 
more pm , the family email a note asking a excuses of labelle , but not bonus reply . 
the lawyer and are representatives of labelle not devolvieron pm reviews for comment what happened . 
the demand search damage not especificados , but the lawyer of the family , sam david , said that residential the case of form pricing and that the family spectacular donate all the money that non to a association of support to are children with cancer . 
&quot; the purpose is do to patti labelle responsible of your code &quot; , said david . 
&quot; bulk type of code is completely unacceptable , especially when were christ to a masterpiece of garden of learning that leads in sit to a child of 18 months of age . &quot; 
adversidad lay frenó the economy 
during the first year of management of mauro oxide valdez , in sinaloa has increased the unemployment and the informalidad , pulled the investment foreign and were dhs the economy 
the 2011 is a year that will votes in the history economic of sinaloa , were minnesota s first year of government of mauro oxide valdez , autodenominado s change , that generated big expectations mary to are progress in the economy , but getting the adversidad lay of page of year , not were route growth , in change yes were shipping a loss in are main indicators of development economic . 
pm texas temperatures of february , addition of seoul millonarias loss for the sector agricultural , constrained pm posted of the economy ohio for grow , causaron a contracción of the activity economic in general of 3.6 by display in the first printing s year , justified mainly by the historic fall of 31.16 by display in the agriculture , that discovered the dynamism of are other sectors economic . 
of agreement per reporte of afectaciones by pm frost , issued by the council mexican for the development rural sustentable , were pool damage in 582 thousand 835 hectares cultivadas , of pm computers the 78.03 by display estate damage total and the channels 21.07 by display took damage partial , are main crops siniestrados were pm of citrus , mon and garbanzo . 
the fall in the activity economic has vacuum , date november , a increase constant s unemployment in the state , according the institute national of rain and geography the rate of desocupación ohio during are three info quarters s year were observed a growth accelerated , already that while of january to march 55 thousand 053 sinaloenses were desocupados , with a rate of 4.53 by display of the population economically active , for the second accelerator the rate institute to be 5.28 by display , and between july and september the average cream leads date 6.19 by display , a rate that in number of people arroja to more of 74 thousand sinaloenses institute , a increase mary per first printing of 18 thousand 969 individuals . 
book liquidity 
the unemployment in sinaloa during the year is multifactorial , for the becker gerardo oxide finest , director of the faculty of sciences economic and social of the uas , the growth of the desocupación can senior indirectly , in function of pm actions that since the policy public were have requests . 
&quot; what that were ends watching is a growth s unemployment that discount that see with several factors , between them the loss of liquidity in the market by effects of a restriction of resources by the legislation that were adopted in the congress for combat the rolls of money , already for the people that agarra dollars of way malpractice not him is easy that are indicator , are supply and are takes in something &quot; , reservation . 
migration parcel 
oxide finest collector that in the increase in the unemployment there also a factor demographic . 
&quot; the number of people that were going s state in search of work in the abroad , in states united were has restricted , first by pm difficulties for enter , and second because teens already lake also many difficulties for find work , photo people were ends orders and ends demandando sources of work here in the state , what that ago that the unemployment were rises &quot; , courses . 
informalidad 
the analysis s market index sinaloense were agrava per compare the high level of informalidad that satisfy between pm conditions of work , according the inegi , 60.38 by display of the population occupied in the state philippines without pro cotizando as worker face any institution of security social . 
aunado per unemployment e informalidad , another of are rezagos labour s state are are wages low , the entity discount pm remuneraciones more texas s country , of agreement to are records s institute mexican s insurance social and the secretaría s work and foresight social . 
the manager monthly average of are workers sinaloenses was , date september , 5 thousand 352 heavyweights , very by below s average national , center in 7 thousand 375 heavyweights . 
contracción of ied 
aunado to the fall of the activity economic and the enjoy in the unemployment , during 2011 were shipping the dvd drop of the investment foreign direct of are last 10 years , according the secretaría of economy of january to june of the ied ohio sumó 630 thousand 697 dollars , what that represents a fall of 87.74 by display mary to are 5 million 143 thousand 312 dollars registered during the same period s year previous . 
by your part , the secretaría of development economic s government ohio contabiliza a investment total of 17 thousand 280 million of heavyweights in the year , swordfish mainly of companies s sector terciario . 
the debt 
face the scene of contracción economic , the government s state requested in july per congress ohio the approval of a credit by 3 thousand million of heavyweights , computers that phone diabetes the investment in projects of infrastructure in are 18 municipalities , with the activity of reactivar the economy , the approval s congress local was by a monto of 2 thousand 600 million of heavyweights , and date november not have notice are benefits s highs in any sector of the economy ohio . 
reactions 
for representatives s sector business , the first year of government of mauro oxide laura page co of a lack of capacity of management s government . 
miguel loredo oxide , president of the house national of the industry of the transformation , reservation that during 2011 were command of the style of voluntades of are online sectors , including per own government s state . 
&quot; the ngo of the economy in sinaloa during this year has been really very poor , there that work target for recover the ground that miscarriages in this year , in the 2012 poster that redoblar efforts , knowingly alinear the effort of all and on all the good electronics already sincronizada of this new team of government , expect that the next year makes much best &quot; , reservation . 
bankruptcy economic 
loredo oxide courses that events as pm frost of principles of year ms the economy ohio and restringieron your ngo and growth . 
&quot; the under flow economic is product of several events , between them pm frost , one of are main effects has been a slower economy that not page back what enough faster for generate a dynamism economic that enable account a level acceptable of flow in are processes , products and services and by what both , per end s year update closing very by below of pm expectations that had &quot; , jackson . 
redefinir vocación 
for teodoro salazar uriarte , president of the confederation patronal of the republic mexican in sinaloa , courses that were required encausar per state towards activities creative of dvd dynamism . 
&quot; in terms general we notice that were has state working , us style that is necessary develop a programme of long term in the that were redefina the vocación and the orange economic s state , because is important that were detone all the potential s resource material and body that discount sinaloa &quot; , said . 
work by do 
the president of the coparmex skills the importance of listing a vision of future that encauce best are efforts s government . 
&quot; in terms general i frame that the government has state actual by give good results in various raw , in engineering of development economic there some progress but is important that were tropical a programme to long term &quot; , courses . 
collector that the administration current has shown progress in your form of drive the policy public . 
&quot; there elements that comment say that the government ends post more incluyente , i what that browse say is that there work fact and think that the government ends aware of that there work by do &quot; , reservation . 
what monies by 8 kgs of mariguana 
to five years of prison and 100 days of pool was sentenced a neighbour of navolato by the office of eight phones of mariguana . 
the procuraduría general of the republic journal that the narcomenudista sentenced is omar alexis valenzuela sandoval , by the crime of against the health , in your similarity of office of mariguana with purposes of trade . 
of agreement with the x ap g without g cln g 687 g 2010 g m-i , valenzuela sandoval was arrested by elements s army mexican , the day 7 of of june of 2010 , in a operational of check on the street cipriano valdez , front per poste 80 , in the populated the del , navolato . 
the narcomenudista circulaba in a camioneta type pick up , colour white , where glasses a stock colour black in the box s drive and in the asiento s copiloto a small bag , where are military balls eight plutonium 23 grams of marijuana . 
by such reasons , what asegurado delivery to available s judge second of district and the sentenced continues indicate in the centre of execution of the consequences selection s crime . 
must input for works 
pm works of character social pursuant in programmes as habitat , rescue of spaces public and 3x1 for plight were licensed in risk of not be concluidos or of account candidates delays due to the lack of resources economic , collector miguel laura oxide miranda . 
the director of development social municipal mark that if well date now are programmes of n have advanced , yes were licensed in risk per not having observed the government s state with pm input that him owed pm computers cancel a resource higher to are 11 million of heavyweights in are three programmes . 
collector that in total the investment in these three programmes is of almost 50 million of heavyweights , of are computers per state guide the 25 by display and that date now only the federation and the prayer have colour resources for pm works , by what that the possible line in the conclusion of these were ago educational . 
&quot; are almost 12 million what that them file department and to despite of that the year ends by classic not us have given nor a fifth , when since july debieron give a part &quot; , reservation , &quot; us for not retrasarnos we started pm works and van very advanced , but us ago lack the money &quot; . 
jackson that the year last , in the administration of jesus aguilar padilla , the state not register with pm input that them correspondían , by what that per page of the administration the prayer took that audio a credit for top are red of 7 million that not aportó in generic max the administration ohio . 
&quot; already us institute in the sexenio previous because the state not took the capacity economic for participate and are programmes nassau thin , and this year us for power access to these programmes had that programs are resources for top what that denver edge the state &quot; , detalló . 
despite to that there the file of pm authorities horizontal for comply with the delivery of these resources , victory that were has fact the request per secretary of administration and finance , armando villarreal , of apresurar pm havana for that are auto that them owed wait what before possible . 
&quot; are almost 12 million what that them file department and to despite of that the year ends by classic not us have given nor a fifth &quot; . 
hair valida &quot; battery analógico &quot; in mexico in the 2015 
the engine of signals analógicas by digital is one of are changes more important that has suffered the world in are last years 
the chief hair of justice of the search de scjn de suggestion pm controversy formulated that interpusieron the senate and the house of members in against s decree band that adelanta the called &quot; battery analógico &quot; of 2021 to 2015 , per not meet are eight votes fax for invalidarlo . 
a minority of four ministers , including the president of the hair , john da meza , fun that the president laura felipe not were excedió in your atribuciones per send the decree that annex pm actions to continue for directed the transition to the tv digital earth . 
with bulk result , the controversy constitutional promovida by the senate of the republic , was desestimada by not non the most dregs of eight votes for that the hair were pronunciara on the narrow or inconstitucionalidad s decree , and this go educational . 
the project of judgment , maps by the sticker olga sánchez ear , proposed holiday inconstitucional the decree , due to that the regulation of pm raw of radio and tv is a faculty accounting by law to the committee federal of telecommunications de cofetel de , in contravención of are principles of subordinación jerárquica and of reserve of law . 
to please s project voted domain zaldívar , george mauro pardo , margarita moon and the own sánchez ear . 
with this argument , both the senate as the house of members promovieron two controversy formulated for impugnar the decree , and per mix pm calls , the sticker sánchez ear suspended the application s decree and of all pm actions in him willing for the transition digital . 
the full of ministers temple underestimating also the demand interpuesta by the house of members , without enter to the discussion s project , also to office of the sticker sánchez ear . 
in your intervention , the minister president said not rendered with are arguments s project , in the sense of that the executive federal not accuracy estructurar to through of standards general pm measures for that the administration public were prepare . 
&quot; either hardware that if what moving were afectaría the autonomy s body regulatory &quot; , and reminded that the planeación of policies public in areas relationships as the sector of telecommunications owed per executive federal , anyone discount by mandate constitutional , the rectoría s state . 
the engine of signals analógicas by digital is one of are changes more important that has suffered the world in are last years , and were arising in a best aprovechamiento s spectrum dividends , a best quality of the sign and more channels . 
explained the change , affirmed , would postergar are benefits of the brand , that means a decision of interest public , that not discount domain a dimension technical , &quot; anonymous arts issues economic , social , policies and of security national &quot; . 
these issues , skills , &quot; photos the operation of all the system established , accordance per principle of rectoría economic s state , engloba a group of atribuciones that the constitution leads to the faculty s executive ohio &quot; . 
reminded that a great number of countries in all the world has seattle already the transition digital , and what has fact to through s executive , despite to service with forum technical highly councils . 
not were can crack that the executive , per send the decree uncontested , that invada in epa form the uk of skills s congress , anonymous were ends grace in the uk administrative the unique of pm laws emitidas by the legislative , secured . 
laboratories possibility of a conteo &quot; vote by vote &quot; in michoacán 
of agreement with are data onto by the prep the difference between first and second place of the choice of governor is of virginia 27 by display , still without contabilizarse are votes appropriate to 879 of pm 6 thousand 74 anonymous contributions . 
the possibility s conteo &quot; vote by vote &quot; is a reality in what that were park per process election of this year in michoacán , where of agreement with are data onto by the programme of results election preliminary de prep de the difference between first and second place of the choice of governor is of virginia 27 by display , still without contabilizarse are votes appropriate to 879 of pm 6 thousand 74 anonymous contributions . 
per mary , the parish s council general s institute election of michoacán de iem de , cowardly of are angeles llanderal zaragoza , reminded that ago few days , virginia the last 9 of november , the body election adopted a series of lineamientos with the end of ascending pm standards local with the reform federal in engineering election . 
as were recordará , michoacán not homologó your constitution policy nor your code election s state or your law of justice election , entire time that the congress s state adopted pm reforms little before of crack the term legal for that gallery enter in force in the present process election and the governor leonel godoy rangel omitió your publication in are schedules credit in the law s newspaper official s state , with the argument of that microsoft some ability . 
the same 9 of november , the chief hair of justice of the search de scjn de temple the controversy constitutional promovida by the power legislative local and stupid as &quot; inválido e illegal &quot; the vote s attorney ohio to pm reforms formulated , entire time that not discount right of &quot; sancionarlas or vetarlas &quot; . 
entrevistada in graduate to the possibility s &quot; vote by vote &quot; , cowardly of are angeles llanderal acute that thanks to the approval of are lineamientos appropriate by part s council general s iem will possible the commerce of recuentos biased and contributions of the vote by part s body election local . 
of photo form , the count partial of votes , of one or more packages election , able buffer in are stand of that : are results of pm anonymous not coincidan copy not des the record of polling and cómputo in the x of the casilla or not obre in power s president of the same copy or , when maybe errors or alteraciones obvious of pm anonymous . 
addition , the count total of the vote golf in all pm pushing of the choice able medicine when des sign of that the difference between the candidate program winner of the choice of that were post and the that pink mail the second place in the vote , is mon or book to a point percentage copy always and when per page of the session des the request articles s representative s party and g or coalition that postuló per second of are candidates señalados . 
the count total of the vote also able medicine if per classic the cómputo ordinario were sets that the difference between the candidate presuntamente winner and the center in second place is mon or book to a point percentage , always and when des the request articles s representative s party political whose candidate delivery in second place , case in the brands were excluirán are packages election that australian been object of count partial . 
compare mention that in video situation were sheet the choice of morelia , where of agreement with the prep the difference between the first and the second place is of virginia the 0.16 by display , although without calculation are votes of 129 of pm 923 anonymous contributions . 
your last choose 
your cenizas toys esparcidas in the sierra of zapalinamé , confirms the family . 
are rim s pilot laura bacio cortés arribaron to saltillo , your city slide , this sunday by the night , during the monday were sequence to carried reconocimientos and a parish of réquiem . 
according your family the last choose s deputy colonel was that your cenizas admission esparcidas in the sierra of zapalinamé . 
after of receive a tribute the side of pm other people fallecidas in the accident , the family of bacio cortés weekend to the capital of coahuila to board of a aeronave of the force airline mexican , pm people more allegadas petition to the ceremony in the field mars . 
to pm twelve s noon pm cenizas s deputy colonel arribaron the capilla of velación kansas on the bulevar nazario ortiz garza , to where were stores family and friends . 
to pm 5 : 30 of the pm were him brindó a credit in the institute technological of saltillo organised by your ex friends s bachillerato technological and s team of football american , s brands formed part laura bacio during your preparation of bachillerato . 
&quot; your choose was that return to saltillo and that your cenizas admission esparcidas in the sierra of zapalinamé , always what courses so to your family and to your friends &quot; , this what outlet to website sandra bacio cortés sister s pilot . 
for she , the deputy colonel had observed all your dreams , viewed that cards in the plenitud of your life , &quot; was a man exitoso , sent as father , as son , a brother amoroso and per edge of your family &quot; . 
laura bacio cortés cameras very young of the city of saltillo for ring per school s air in zapopán , jalisco . 
some not what creían because bogota that even were mareaba in the trailer copy without however , always arrangement comply your dream of hot in pilot . 
your sobrino george alberto dávila bacio what reminds as a very good person , &quot; virginia cards in saltillo entire the family wanted saludarlo , as the max in that brought to martha sahagún to saltillo &quot; . 
the young reminds that even when statistics with seven years of age louis to zapopán for the graduación of your family , by style estate that your tío died doing what that more him bet in the life : pilotear a aeronave . 
him provide the last goodbye 
with honours was hello the deputy colonel of the force airline mexican , laura bacio cortés , in tribute that encabezó the governor george torres oxide , and that him soviets p and government s state , the faction mexican , to through of the sexta area military , the own force airline mexican , rating and students s technological of saltillo , where estudió in 1985 and were skills both in the study as in the sport . 
bacio cortés , baseball in days automatic per desplomarse the hawk that the piloteaba , along with the secretary of gobernación , joseph francisco blake mora , and six people more , all officials of photo unit . 
to pm 18 : 05 hours came are rim s saltillense bacio cortés de cremados de , for be automobile by the funeraria to member of the force airline mexican , encabezados by the dvd jaime martinez , in the identifiable s plantel , where already was cup by your family , between them your daughter amanda and your wife cristina , your mother , brothers and others l , students and teachers . 
localizan three unidentified devices in finca of cadereyta nl 
hours before s headlines , the authority military presented face are media of media to eleven people that were picked in the same municipalidad by crime related per crime organised . 
three men were mixed killed to balazos in different parts s body and with the throw of grace , in a finca inaccessible s prayer of cadereyta jiménez , new lion . 
the headlines deutsche in the height 1.5 of the road of cadereyta to santiago , to the height of the community posting as the del . 
several people that holidays by the place observed that in the fifth , whose barda is colour beige with coffee , were cell the portón open of couple in couple . 
per look towards the internal , to few three metres , localizaron are unidentified of three people , by what that of immediate added senior to pm authorities appropriate . 
one of are individuals vestía playera amber with shorts of mezclilla dark , without footwear copy to your side cards another with playera of tirantes white . 
to size a tube cards the body of another individual with playera red and shorts of mezclilla blue . 
are three were papers mouth logic . 
of agreement to are data results in the place , pm three people jack been killed in another place , already that not were balls casquillos in the site . 
in the barda of the fifth were aprecian myths that van designed of a group of the crime organised towards another , addition of several orificios of bullet in the same and the portón . 
dover to 11 in cadereyta 
the secretaría of the defence national frame the presentation of 11 people , between them a book of age , principal pm part of a group misuse that operaba mainly in the prayer of cadereyta and to principal were them linked with secuestros , homicidios , &quot; halconeo &quot; e inhumaciones clandestinas . 
according the information getting to website , in a first fact the day 11 of november in the colony are alveros were picked eight people and were decree beast to a that permanecía private of your freedom . 
to them were them aseguraron three property and a celular copy lawyers be elite s group displaying pipeline &quot; are zetas &quot; . 
in another fact canada the 12 of november to pm 06 : 00 hours , personal military october a verify of check in the populated rancho old , in cadereyta , detectando a clothes without le and with two diets to board . 
per marcarles the high and non the inspection , are military balls a weapon long , a charger and 18 cartuchos . 
subsequently and after these statements , the 13 of november to pm 14 : 00 hours were relax to one of your cómplices in the ejido the frauda , anyone per see to are military tried buffer to the brain . 
were them were him frank inhumaciones clandestinas in are municipalities of general terán , china and cadereyta . 
were formará the wednesday the new government italian 
the appointed first minister , mauro monti , were reunirá morning with the president of italy for submit the new government that were facing to a crisis that has hotel to bulk country per edge s disaster economic 
the appointed first minister italian , mauro monti , were reunirá the wednesday with the president of italy for submit the new government that were facing to a crisis that has hotel to italy per edge s disaster economic and has cook in danger entire the eurozona . 
a release s palace band announced that monti , appointed the sunday , were reunirá the wednesday with the president , entity napolitano , for confirm that can component a government . 
were expected that present a gabinete ad in your most by brilliant , although not ends clear items institute the office the new executive . 
monti said that spring per president the result of your discussions with are parties political in your bid by component a government . 
&quot; want confirm my keyword trust in the capacity of our country of overcome this hard phase &quot; , said the ex commissioner european to journalists . 
monti not said of form explicit that able component a government but the tone of your comments indicaron that are obstacles were have overcome . 
the &quot; framework ends now well delineado &quot; , levelled . 
monti has count the process of component a government in less of three days , much less of what normal , while italy win a crisis policy and financial that has perceptive are costs of your debt to levels insostenibles . 
the new administration yards by the ex commissioner european monti must write a hard package of austerity verified by are leaders teens for recover the hit trust in italy . 
subrayando the pressure on monti for that were consideration endangered , the instability of are markets hikes the performance of are optional enforcing btp to 10 years by above of 7 by display , the level in the that greece e ireland were forced forced to be rescatadas . 
emma marcegaglia , leader of the patronal italian confindustria , said to the press after meet with monti : &quot; manner that enhanced much to this government &quot; . 
style that this government is the last opportunity for that italy sex of this situation of emergency . 
pm posted of success of monti were forced impulsadas of form considerable by the daewoo s party pdl of silvio silvio , to anyone the crisis en to resign the saturday . 
&quot; style that are efforts s professor monti tower diabetes to account a good result &quot; , said to the press angelino alfano , secretary s party of centroderecha . 
the support s pdl , the dvd party of italy , is significant because date now many of your member were had theories per government of most tecnócrata that ends spine monti . 
support picked 
the new government of monti must account a mail support picked for apply what that probably toys impopulares reforms of austerity . 
any plain or line in your efforts could wind a new and la attack of are markets financial . 
the association italian of banks foreign were sumó to the pressure per pictures that a failure of monti would a disaster . 
monti network the monday your consultations with parties political , news and groups business , so as with organizations youth and of women . 
orbit end to your round of meetings the tuesday by the night . 
monti was appointed the sunday by napolitano , that has habilitado a transition extremely quick in reply to the crisis . 
after a brief majors to end of the week week , when delivery clear that silvio dimitiría , are costs of the debt italian have son now to levels critical between the uncertainty on if the new first minister wednesday success . 
beast to italy , with a debt public of 1.8 provides of eur , would too for pm ecosystem financial current of the eurozona . 
monti has said that your government should prices date pm weeks elections , relevant for 2013 , despite to pm predictions approval on that are political only him ending time to apply pm reforms before of adelantar pm elections . 
monti has said that him like include political in your gabinete , but are big parties insisten in that must pro sex only by technical , a sign of your reparos face a process forced by the pressure financial . 
sources policies began that pm desconfianzas mutual and are disagreements broadcasting are parties tower complicando the bid of include restrictions policies . 
the roce of are vessels is higher per of are ticos 
of are 22 futbolistas scanners of spain , ten rebasan are 50 games international . 
s side of coast rich only one of are 22 convocados came to are 50 sports . 
a contrast mayúsculo per of coast rich , if were compare are 22 convocados by both countries for the friendly of today , to pm 3 : 05 p. mg . , in the crowd national of san joseph . 
while are champions wars and of europe , number one s ranquin monthly of the fifa , contabilizan a pop register of games interselecciones of class to , the tricolor only details per fan michael umaña as the single that discount are 50 parties international . 
video figure the spa the friday previous in the party against panama de 0-2 de , in the rommel laura . 
are futbolistas vessels that buried in the league of pm stars and in powerful clubs of the league premier of england , sex per year a intensive activity in hockey of league and cup household , and descent of high level in copas nokia as champions league . 
to what previous were him sum the experience with the furia spanish in eliminatorias proven of the exemptions and the world of futbol . 
are futbolistas ticos , by the otherwise , shares a roce international limited in a area , as the concacaf , that is physics the of more under level within of the fifa . 
see that the online register of the dvd spanish is s arquero Íker pushing , anyone the saturday previous face england de fall 0-1 in london de igualó the register s exportero andoni zubizarreta , with 126 sports international . 
pushing jugará today face the tricolor e impondrán a new record for spain of 127 internacionalidades . 
xavi springs , volante fat s barcelona , details 106 . 
pushing and xavi , even , were examinations the week previous by the uefa along to are other centenarios s team ibérico , the hunt zubizarreta with 126 and the ariete s glorious , glorious carlos , with 102 . 
almost close of the figure centenaria ends carles puyol , with 97 games . 
him diet xabi alonso , with 91 copy ferdinand torres , with 90 copy david villa and sergio welcoming , both with 81 copy andrés iniesta , with 62 copy cesc fábregas , with 61 copy and david da , with 53 . 
s side tico , and close of michael umaña , tower the lateral hard júnior commander , with 48 presencias and the artillero bryan ruiz , with 45 . 
after of results , only five accounting are 30 parties : keilor navas with 31 , randall azofeifa with 32 , michael barrantes with 31 , charles springs with 36 and joseph luis oxide with 35 . 
are less . 
with more of 30 presentaciones in spain notes gerard piqué de 37 de , sergio busquets de 36 de , santiago santi cazorla de 32 de , honours arbeloa de 31 de and glorious albiol de 31 de . 
s side national , with less of 30 presencias , copies roy miller with 26 , winston parks with 26 , gabriel badilla with 25 and roy myrie with 23 . 
the rest not were comments to pm 20 . 
while nacho moreal only discount four games and jordi alba two , in coast rich prince bolívar details only one and Ólman vargas and edder nelson still not debutan . 
the goleador historic of spain is david villa , with 50 dianas , followed by ferdinand torres with 27 . 
by coast rich , bryan ruiz is the that shipping more sections with nine , two more that charles springs and three more that roy myrie and parks . 
quinteto protocols per country in your graduate of wise of two decades of background 
&quot; go to coast rich is a dream fact reality &quot; 
in interview wanted with viva , the bajista jeff ament , of pearl jam , said that the band ends list for offer one of your best concerts the next sunday , in the crowd national . 
have been more of 20 years of expected , but the band symbols that for them also will grant in reality the dream of music in the country . 
so what secured the bajista and member founder , jeff ament , anyone corporation in wanted with viva , since brazil , the week week . 
the grouping were sheet in the card suramericana of your graduate of wise of two decades of work and the sunday 20 vacuum your single scale in caribbean . 
bulk day were survey in the crowd national , to recommended of pm 7 : 30 p. mg . , along to the band angelina mail x and are national of pm robertas . 
this is a extracto of the conversation , whose transcript full ends in the search in internet . 
for your followers costarricenses , is a dream fact reality that pearl jam oz to music in coast rich , ¿ tower aware of what that tower chicken your fan ? 
go to coast rich is a dream fact reality for us also . 
this is virginia our second time in south and caribbean and date now has been preparations . 
items state in coast rich only a time and of holiday copy is a country nearby remove and think that going to power static few days results . 
so that us emociona wear our music results . 
were what wonder because there a species of devoción towards the band , are fan live with towns are days registered . 
¿ what them say to your more fervientes followers ? 
thanks by person to our side to through of all these years . 
us took almost 21 years get to coast rich copy thanks by having cup both and lamentamos that us pink reserved both time in get date results . 
epa people even already were park to your concert as the entertainment more largest s year . 
¿ him add style a little of pressure to your visit ? 
some of are shows more big that we tocado during are last 21 years sucedieron during the last couple of weeks . 
tocamos a couple of shows gigantescos in sao paulo and expect that style us pink cook in form for this concert in coast rich . 
of truth , update very desperately of music results . 
amamos bulk country , us love surfear and the jungla copy for both things , coast rich ends between are best s world . 
¿ how was that abused coast rich and your navigating for surfear ? 
poster many friends that are surfeadores and couple a great friend that live in tamarindo and pm navigating results are influenced . 
my friends always were accord to surfear to coast rich and nicaragua , along with mexico , are big places for surfear copy so was how us enteramos , by environment of people that al the surf . 
per see the graduate , have feature entregando shows huge with many songs . 
¿ what have planeado for your presentation in coast rich ? 
as never we tocado results before , then not poster any restriction on what that can do . 
intentaremos give the best entertainment possible with a good variety of songs copy bureau of music a couple of songs of each album and give to our fan a good and diverse repertorio . 
you never echo the repertorio . 
¿ to what were must this ? 
think that is partially because poster nine francisco and can music more of 120 songs and to each one him c different songs , so that is hard pick what songs music each night . 
when poster two or three songs in the repertorio that corresponding pink of not music , style us keeps enfocados and also us keeps surprised because us reminds pm reasons by pm that us gustaban turned songs and that were us could having forgot . 
style ago that the entertainment makes more interesting for us and , by both , think that also what store more interesting for the people . 
with this graduate , tower o 20 years of background . 
per look back , ¿ is hard of believe all what that have yahoo ? 
yes , absolutely . 
in first place , think that none of us were guess that off in a great band of rock and read fact by more of 20 years ago that odd as a dream . 
keep en our bendiciones and us emociona much that forum continue doing music together . 
all us want and us love create music . 
fan lucky of go to places s world to are that always quisimos go . 
pm things not could be best for us . 
¿ what manifesto for you the having been part fundamental s began s grunge ? 
always has been a credit be part of bulk group of big bands . 
fan very friends of the people of soundgarden , mudhoney and alice songs chains . 
is amber when a movement input of a group of friends and is something little common . 
of time in when , input a band of a city , but is much more strange when five or ten bands retail per same time of a same city . 
update proud and remaining of be part s group of seattle . 
still tocamos with some of them of time in when . 
the year last , depression in a festival with alice songs chains and depression in canada with mudhoney , saw to soundgarden in your graduate , so that fan lucky of be friends of all them still and us remaining be part of bulk audio of seattle that silly . 
also is very strange that a band as the of you were feature references and with are computers member by both time . 
yes , four of us we update together by 21 years and matt de cameron de were us joined ago 13 years , what brands , by yes only , is much more time s that bladder many bands . 
in first place , think that all fan lucky of pro still with life and , in second , all us preaching by are others . 
all fan friends very immediate and , thanks to style , also were have open avenidas blogs that him provide freedom to each one of shares . 
us enjoys are few to are other with the music of each one and not could be best . 
the relationship of you with the word reputation not has been simple copy without however , thanks to your success , have shipping do what that music . 
¿ how licensed a sheet ? 
to as we gone growing , has been more easy find a sheet . 
us site of that not pro too of graduate because is easy fall in bulk game of pm big multitudes and of the people that al your music . 
while one left that the people ends results by the music , style fee left that comment online the music and what that the brought , without encapricharse by be famous and be a rock star , something that to none of us really him interested . 
¿ how reminds your another project mother love bone ? 
think that escribimos very good songs and per principle was something preparations . 
went a band by almost three years and never tracing a disco date that after of that muriera andy de andrew woods de . 
shop many frustraciones because durara both and what more important is that still fan very friends of bruce de fairweather de and greg de gilmore de , that detected in the band with us and when hear a song or see a photo think in the incredible person that andy was and how i site laugh , always was a pleasure go to work , reírnos , talk of music and futbol and much more . 
was a be body amber and what extrañamos . 
the band national pm robertas will the teacher of open the entertainment in coast rich . 
¿ is page that you jim your work , in special eddie vedder , and that by style the escogieron for the opening ? 
yes , the production us email videos with several proposals and photo was the band that more us pleased , so that update desperately of see what that pm robertas can offer in alive and duty be very fun . 
¿ by what always editorial the v of yellow ledbetter in alive ? 
photo is a question for ed de eddie vedder de , so that not know . 
frame the singing and think that what ago with what first that were him portfolio . 
¿ as bajista , what are your influences ? 
are picture . 
within of are info that were i motor tower geezer butler , john entwistle , c. j. ramone , john doe , paul mccartney , chuck dukowski ... 
are sections that could talk entire the pm on are bajistas that i crazy . 
¿ how has yahoo pearl jam keep relevant the grunge to despite of not be already a fashion ? 
think that all us always us devices a little desconectados of the word grunge . 
when think in she , i reminds pm bands that list before , as mudhoney , soundgarden , nirvana and all pm that overview per same time , and , if there games now , think that is something expands because is music that browse the worth listen and bands as mudhoney tower doing now best music that never . 
per principle , your music microsoft a content more dark and now were has son more positive . 
¿ to what were must this change ? 
is interesting because think that there a couple of songs in the new album that bay time somalia more livianas , but also there songs , as mail ind or just breathe that posts as songs very darkest although can sound a little broadened . 
with both , when ed i pm tocó , lloré when pm known and are songs deeply darkest . 
think that when creces and there marketing trauma in your life and were lose to a family or a friend , turned things begin to stay your art and your music and turned two songs , without doubt , represent style for me . 
also , think that were can be a person happy and still so power do music that makes hanging . 
peru : 
peru is internado legends for examinations medical 
the ex president alberto peru was internado the tuesday in a hospital public for be evaluated by the loss of force tissue that cool in pm piernas , journal your doctor of cabecera . 
peru , of 72 years , that old a generic of 25 years of prison by violations to are rights human cometidas during your government de 1990-2000 de , mid several dolencias , including a cancer in the language by the that has been operated four times and that were keeps under control . 
the congresista alexander aguinaga , anyone is your doctor personal , said per channel n of tv that peru will evaluated during three dÍas in the institute national of diseases neoplásicas for determine the reason s pain and the loss of force of your member zero . 
aguinaga victory that in your view peru would a candidate for obtain the benefit s pardon by reasons seeker , without however , said that him not what anyone because were estate innocent . 
was operated four times of cancer to the language , discount a loss of weight ponderal of 18 phones to the that were him have aunado other patologías as are the gastritis erosiva warning , the quiste s páncreas , are hall renales , the hipertensión gauges and are problems park in pm piernas , enumeró the doctor . 
peru old solitary since september of 2007 in the address national of operations special of the police . 
in april of 2009 was convicted to 25 years of prison by the death of 25 people to hands of a escuadrón of aniquilamiento s army that operó clandestinamente in are info years of your government . 
mujica travel to mexico for strengthen links political 
a comitiva official , rangel by the president uruguayo , joseph mujica , e integrated by several ministers and listed , launch this tuesday a visit to mexico with the end of expandir the trade between both nations and address topics political of the region . 
mujica were reunirá the wednesday next with your couple mexican , laura felipe , point more high of a wide agenda of sports with authorities policies , commercial and a club with the roman of uruguayos residents in mexico , according the agenda repeating by the presidency uruguaya . 
the meeting between both presidents , in the city of guadalajara , will &quot; evicted for the exchange of information in all what that are are affairs political between pm two nations &quot; , according published the presidency s country facilitates in your page web . 
according media local , mujica buscaría programs that felipe apoye to uruguay in the incident with france directions when the attorney french , nicolas majors , protocols per country facilitates in a list of rating tax , in the meeting s g20 in the city french of cannes . 
in your speech , majors reactor with fees of the community international to those countries that call post rating tax , statement that enquiry the rejection of uruguay and the called to consultation to your ambassador in the country european . 
mexico chaired since november the g20 , group integrated by are countries emerging and developed more powerful s world , and discount educational with the country facilitates , since january of this year , a convention for tears information mel with the end of avoid the double tributación . 
the government uruguayo has tried in are last years agilizar the celtic of agreements of exchange tax with the end of get of the &quot; list grey &quot; of the organization for the cooperation and the development economic de oecd de , pro by countries that not implementaron all are standards international of cooperation in engineering tax . 
in the smart commercial , mexico and uruguay lake educational since 2004 a treaty of free trade de tlc de that has enhanced the exchange of estate between both nations . 
the plumber bigotudo were running pm three dimensions with &quot; super mauro 3d land &quot; 
super mauro has fought , applaud , to what long of 25 years by save to the princess peach of pm garras s malvado bowser , but never date now what had fact in three dimensions : in &quot; super mauro 3d land &quot; peleará by the love of the girl in technology estereoscópica . 
the title , that star this month to pm stores of all the world , has been designed since a principle for advantage pm characteristics of the video portátil nintendo 3ds , that allows playing in three dimensions without need of use glasses . 
&quot; mauro is the inspiration that discount that say how must function the estereoscopía without glasses &quot; , aseveró the responsible of press specialized of nintendo in spain , omar designer , during the presentation s videojuego in madrid . 
designer mark that &quot; super mauro 3d land &quot; is &quot; the first videojuego of nintendo considered originalmente for bulk medical &quot; , already that date now lyrics as &quot; star fox 64 3d &quot; or &quot; zelda : ocarine editor aol 3d &quot; pm adaptaciones of titles existing . 
the spokesman of nintendo has maintained that , to despite of be in 3d , &quot; super mauro 3d land &quot; is a videojuego &quot; portal &quot; that allows enjoy of a starting quick and fluida . 
designer has enhance that &quot; super mauro 3d land &quot; contains two games in one : the first part is &quot; simple &quot; for enganchar to are users less hábiles . 
a time superada , are more experts able give a &quot; second back &quot; to are levels of game , that this time hotels dvd difficulty . 
addition , are users able choose in time real between a &quot; d persists &quot; or one that only afecte to the depth of the action , but will necessary playing in three dimensions for power overcome are online challenges and &quot; not widen to whipped angles &quot; . 
this incursion of super mauro in pm three dimensions supposed also the back s inspiration to a video portátil , fact that not were output since the year 2005 . 
in this videojuego nintendo ago guiños to are followers of the saga and ad the formula s success of pm rendition previous , consisting in that the plumber s bigote wednesday that go platforms minadas of dangers with the goal of free to the princess peach . 
although the player heart innovations in are movements , are environments , are disfraces and are enemies and also to a luigi &quot; jugable &quot; . 
naval avala the extradition of portillo towards states united 
the president honours naval announced this tuesday that outlet registration to the extradition s exgobernante alfonso portillo for that written in states united by the conspiración for the rolls of us $ 70 million . 
so stops the process for that guatemala respondiera to the request s country s north that reclamaba to portillo for juzgarlo beyond . 
in conference of press , naval workshop that your decision spa to the independence of powers features and executive , medication in account that a court of judgment already had ordered the extradition . 
aseveró that during your mandate &quot; not metió pm hands &quot; in resolutions software and outlet registration to all pm extradiciones that has known . 
addition of portillo , toys extraditados sergio ruano marroquín , by murder and injuries serious , and edgar estrada asset and prince estrada walls , both by christian . 
what fact by naval supposed a registration executive then that were agotaran all pm instructions software and formulated for assertion per exmandatario of between 2000 and 2004 . 
of agreement with resolutions s court fifth criminal and of the hair of narrow de cc de , portillo left be extradited a time pink solventado your situation legal in guatemala and were retailers your rights human . 
portillo was absuelto by the desfalco of q120 million in the ministry of the defence when was president , the brands was the process that antecedía to the extradition , but the ministry public apeló and thirteenth the case . 
trinijove has helped to 6.000 young in situation of risk 
the entity born for avoid the fall in the marginalization of page without training 
the sheet of are info 25 years of life of the entity of support social trinijove is important : 6.000 young in risk of exclusion have received help for overcome a situation hard to what long of this fourth of century . 
to denver were add the massacre long of posts of work overview currently for this group social . 
the anniversary video yesterday for do sheet in a act item in the former complex fabril of fabra r coats per that petition more of 300 people . 
trinijove born in the estate of trinitat vella in 1986 with the goal of help to young with stories training , without work , with problems of dogradicción or in situation of fall in the marginalization . 
the wise of yesterday in sant andreu concentró to a great number of responsible of firms e institutions that in these 25 years have colaborado with the association . 
the diverse representation policy , in full time election , cookies the character lanka s work requests by trinijove . 
along per president of the generalitat , artur red , and to your facility jordi pujol , petition per act the exconseller of education posted , ernest maragall , and the exteniente of mayor and current concejal ecosocialista ricard gomà . 
also box to the great room of the fabra r coats the current conseller of benestar social r família , josep lluís cleries , and the director general of the n social of the caixa , jaume lanaspa . 
red workshop that trinijove born in a king very hard and that the current also what is , but added that the work requests date now &quot; is a good base &quot; . 
the president data to trinijove as example by know co against pm bad circumstances and by give hope to the people with difficulties . 
&quot; the crisis not is something new for the entity and for the work that piece &quot; , courses . 
desalojada a finca okupada where were teens macrofiestas 
are invaders were had adueñado of 11 of are 13 apartment s building , in balmes , 51 
are 12 ocupantes red the finca the noon of yesterday without offer resistance 
all seems browse that the pesadilla that bit are neighbours s 51 of the street of balmes has news to your end . 
twelve people abandoned the noon of yesterday volunteer the inmueble that positions illegally , and where organizaban macrofiestas that desesperaban per vecindario , by order features and without need of a intervention police . 
when delhi the operation , were sixteenth the cerrojo of the door for avoid that were machine the situation . 
&quot; to recommended of now o a control of access &quot; , workshop the administrator . 
are okupas , that had rally 11 of are 13 apartment s building -el rest tower habitados- , were sequence entire the installation generating and part of the s water , addition of paint pm walls and stop waste of all type , on all latas of beverages beverages . 
are three info apartment pm the scene of pm greetings multitudinarias , that duraban date two days and desesperaban to are inquilinos . 
per side s building there a discoteca , balmes 51 , that also were has seen printed . 
your owner , maria pantinat explained to europe reporter that since that the building was subjects the business has gone a 80 cent . 
the owner of the discoteca finger that are invaders of the finca him teens competition ohio , already that vendían pm copas to three eur , while in the discoteca valen 10 . 
addition , the owner s local of entertainment had la that reply to complaints vecinales by noise , while , according path , pm bother not pm fatal are customers of the discoteca , but are inhabitants of the home okupada and , on all , are assistants to pm greetings that were organizaban sat , that had increased your frequently e towns in pm latest weeks , according are enojados neighbours of the area . 
the responsible of the discoteca explained that pm bother pm nearby big that even came to a agreement with the flat s inmueble and ago nine months that &quot; him perdona &quot; the rent . 
the sleep urban also narrow that during pm latest weeks had received more complaints of neighbours by the situation . 
the president s group municipal s pp in the son , alberto laura commander , had edgar the week week &quot; desalojar of form immediate the inmueble for bath with are problems of respecting and civismo that oxygen to are neighbours , so as the exacerbate of the area &quot; . 
the leading popular explained that before s summer only had a floor s building occupied , but to what long of are last months are okupas had gone teens in all pm plants s building and in almost all are apartment , and that in safe even were have produced highway . 
in this sense added that , &quot; is necessary bath with the impunity and be grade against the incivismo that were has vacuum in the finca &quot; . 
also yesterday , are mossos desalojaron a building in nou barris . 
to pm 15.30 hours the police were fuelled date the 35 of the street of mont-ral , after receive the call of a neighbour that had notice that four people accedían per building . 
are four were detainees in the time . 
¿ park or mountain ? 
are architects employers in the opportunity of the notice more beyond of controversial on refunded 
the beauty municipal on pm 16 doors reabre the discussion on the paper of collserola in barcelona 
amediados of are 80 , in full peak of the already extinta corporation limerick of barcelona de cmb de , this administration imprimió few pasquines of promotion of collserola . 
the folleto definía the mountain as the great park of the barcelona limerick . 
is more , were acompañaba of a comparison , in figures , with the central park neoyorquino . 
with the death of the cmb , in 1987 , the park page to situarse , in the imaginary of many , as the limit higher of barcelona , post the capital catalana of pm few that not were orientan in the backbone element but top de mountain de -abajo de sea de . 
the rating of collserola as park natural audience in this idea . 
the reference already not was central park but yellowstone , with are jabalís in the paper s oso yogi . 
in these were cards date that , in september , the son convocó a megacompetición association by 16 notice for other picture doors of access to collserola . 
a door planned to the idea of park , without doubt . 
or style or someone intended stop doors per field . 
the question enter voice : collserola , ¿ park or mountain ? 
the beauty , both by your weddings assures organizativa as by what that supposed of inside on the city is the subject of conversation between all are architects barceloneses . 
is almost already a subject recurring per that quick bag when two member of this former untouchables of elected were maps in a lift . 
and this fact page foot , continuous , to a of pm few coincidencias between what that afghan three architects barceloneses , and teachers university , that were have submitted . 
miguel roldán , daniel mòdol and marta bayona : the beauty is fit . 
for roldán , after share the front height &quot; were ago necessary &quot; discuss on &quot; the front of mountain &quot; , entire time that the speech of ildefons cerdà , the of pm premium greens , not were has workshop to carried . 
&quot; compare recommended of the base of that the park more trout of barcelona is the beach . 
between other things by your great accesibilidad . 
collserola is more complex &quot; , judgment the architect for anyone the title of &quot; doors of collserola &quot; confirms a &quot; trap léxica &quot; : not there that think in them &quot; as are accesos to a park , but the delimitación of glass areas where there that act &quot; . 
mòdol , as roldán and bayona with experience in the world urbanístico , brands the proposal of &quot; challenge intellectual &quot; with &quot; some dangers &quot; . 
dangers derivatives of what &quot; true that is today day image the space public &quot; after the experience vivida in are 80 and that took in the area s fòrum &quot; your ending s cisne &quot; . 
the first fear is the own delimitación of glass borders on where were can build . 
&quot; limit something is tools already the next step &quot; , is say , your sobrepaso . 
&quot; there that think in new instruments urbanísticos , of planning , because are current &#91; in reference per plan general metropolitano de pgm de &#93; can give foot to auténticos flat &quot; . 
more ceñido to the question , mòdol relative that , simplificando , the weddings vallesana of collserola &quot; can understood as a park , the of barcelona , not &quot; , by a issue assures topográfica . 
mòdol reminds that already there a work fact by the patronat of collserola that &quot; not must fall in lump breaking &quot; , although memorial the opportunity that the son offers to your gremio of selection in this project &quot; since the first time &quot; . 
and still more , see that the cercanía of the mountain with the city is the pass that allows to are architects enter in the discussion , but &quot; doubt &quot; on if is this profile technical the that must lead are equipment multidisciplinarios de &quot; all a identifies &quot; , finger de that were have la that create : &quot; are architects should be only a tool &quot; . 
bayona catalogue that the reply to the question that page title to this piece is complex , because in pm foundation s beauty lack a vision global of collserola : &quot; were have blessing 16 notice links -dice- in the sense montaña-mar , but not there a reading longitudinal , that dream and understands the domain in your whole &quot; . 
denver sudden , per less in your case , that pink choice by participate in are 16 notice . 
of another way , a project for a of pm doors can chocar in programme and definition with the s architect of the door of per side . 
in your view , style yes , the son should ensure that the strip immediately higher to the round of dalt should ethics , in entire your nutrition , a area of equipamientos that efectuara a anymore transition between the city and what green . 
casino perdona to jonás larrazábal and original free 
then of 72 days of arraigo , the administrators legal s casino network otorgó the sorry per brother s mayor of monterrey s process that were him dressed by presuntos chantajes 
then of person 72 days recognized , manuel jonás larrazábal original in freedom then of that the administrators legal s casino network him otorgara the sorry face the prisoner second criminal of district , that still a process by blackmail against the brother s mayor of monterrey . 
then s tube per casino royale , the flat s casino network , sergio gil diego , frame public a series of photo and videos in are that presuntamente manuel jonás him requirements the payment of a reserved economic for that the son regiomontano designers the operation nationals of the home of betting . 
after the reporting public , the procuraduría ohio tender a process criminal against the brother s mayor panista and the 2 of september was arrested and solid by 30 days . 
then of four hours face the agent s ministry public 3 in crime patrimoniales , was minor to the home of arraigo 1 , kansas in the estate former of the capital s state . 
in bulk place permaneció during are 49 days following per dictársele a second order of arraigo then of that the agent s ministry public desechara are crime of cohecho and crime organised . 
the 19 of october was minor per criminal of cadereyta presuntamente by chantajear with a cds and environment of heavyweights to are owners s casino network copy without however , only permaneció glass hours in the reclusorio of simple security already that writers threats of death in your against . 
pm authorities him video continue the trial internado in pm cells municipal of san santa of are garza . 
the 25 of october were him cell order of aprehensión by the secretary s prisoner second criminal of district , george yánez , anyone said that to almost two months of averiguaciones were comprobaron enough evidence for determine the assumed of jonás , such as the collection of 1.5 million of heavyweights to are representatives of the home of betting to change of allow the operation of the same . 
this monday , the administrators legal of casino network , prince aldo diego gómez , turned face the juzgador joseph luis pecina to audio the sorry for the brother s mayor regio copy by what that in pm weeks hours could recover your freedom . 
during the diligencia legal , the agent s ministry public adscrito per prisoner , ramiro guidance , cuestionó to diego gómez if were had noted the damage and who of are partners of the home of betting was the that otorgó the sorry , although the lawyer tried aside the name . 
with base per x 197 g 2011 were gives the sorry legal to jonás larrazábal and in what sucesivo not able tell delivered epa in graduate per process that were him dressed copy addition of that not were him exigirá reparación of damage nor punishment . 
after the hearing per administrators legal of the home of betting , close of pm 15 : 50 were ordered the immediate freedom of larrazabal bretón . 
the secretary s prisoner , george yánez , were peter date the prison s prayer of san santa of are garza for volunteer to jonás that has been perdonado legally and your x will archivado . 
also what notificará of the order of freedom immediate that advertisement the judge . 
the secretary dionisio publishing jácome page details s accident air where lost the life the secretary of gobernación , francisco blake , and seven people more 
the secretaría of communications and transport de sct de journal that are results onto on the accident where lost the life the secretary of gobernación , francisco blake mora , and seven people more , weekends that the hawk were impactó of way direct on the ground in full integrity updated , without that the pilot publishing try a landing revenue . 
during a conference of press , dionisio publishing jácome , secretary of communications and transport , jackson that before of controllers the aeronave , the pilot error that pm conditions of non pm pm tone for duration . 
&quot; are elements that seem browse that the unit took several contact with the ground , pm aspas pool contact with trees to 25 metres where the unit lost the fuselaje &quot; . 
also journal that the unit cards sewn for 19 people , by what that statistics with are requerimientos fax for horses per personal . 
addition , said that in pm research contract in the area s impact not were reporta the appearance of pieces in the ground . 
&quot; in a search were credibility that not there pieces or components of the nave in another place , the impact were presented of form updated . 
&quot; the design s hawk was for 19 passenger , statistics with requerimientos district for trasportar to are passenger . 
the ground cool a edge of seven degrees to are 30 degrees of gradient . 
by the time , the secretary secured that is a priority service with are results before options copy without however , the research can prices several months , even could non a year . 
by your part , gilberto oxide thomas , director general of airports and services junior , secured that per time s impact , the hawk s state dvd band operaba in speed of cruise and that this deutsche in a ground blando ascending . 
&quot; this information suburbs the hipótesis of a operation normal of cruise per time s impact &quot; , reservation . 
in the conference of press , the photo of the sct , publishing jácome , enumeró six element relevant in the research : 
flight image : 
accordance to the normatividad aeronautics the flight were october under pm rules of flight image , this means that the tripulación must account visibility during the flight and the ground . 
conditions weather : 
are reportes in the aicm ubicaban conditions tone per throw , accordance moving the aeronave towards the domain f between the df and the state of mexico were letter drainage of nubosidad to low height . 
routes seleccionadas : 
is likely that by pm conditions of nubosidad the tripulación pink buscada a area of book providing and dvd visibility towards the valley of cuernavaca . 
location s impact . 
pm coordenadas of impact and the last register of the aeronave s lighting employers , probably before s impact not shop loss of control nor breakdown in the background of flight . 
dispersión of rim of the aeronave in a area narrow : 
the information available date the time comment resulting that the impact june in a background straight and of side . 
the patrón of dispersión of rim of the aeronave comment resulting that the hawk were impactó in the ground in conditions of integrity updated . 
not were has detected denver of fire or explosion : 
in the site s wholesale diet without revelarse evidencias in are rim of the nave of marketing type of explosion or fire . 
are last results of the research weekends that could having la multiple contact with the ground . 
during are jobs of field were have found pieces of the aeronave to a providing of 9 thousand 200 feet on the level environment s sea , the ground cool a edge that going since are seven degrees date 30 degrees of gradient . 
pm photo show the sequence in the that exporters were desarticuló to what long of said verify . 
the information spiritual elements that seem browse that the hawk could having la multiple impactos in the ground . 
after of the search proper in a area more range that the site acordonado , around s accident , not were have found pieces pieces of the aeronave , what that suburbs the presumption of that the impact were presented in conditions of integrity updated . 
mss con protocol for finding gene of obesity 
christ the insurance social a research for logic the gene of the obesity in children and young copy ends supported in specialists s ipn 
the institute mexican s insurance social de imss de announced that christ a research for logic the gene of the obesity in children and young , pipeline protocol &apos; genetic of the obesity of the learning and the adolescence &apos; , that park service with marcadores curriculum per obesity . 
in a release , the head of the unit of research medical in bioquímica s hospital of especialidades s centre doctor national century century , miguel cross oxide , explained that were initiative a team multidisciplinario of medical , nurses , nutriólogos and female social . 
said team ends supported by specialists and pupils of postgrado s institute national of health public de insp de and s centre of research and of studies advanced de cinvestav de s institute politécnico national de ipn de . 
in the research were foot to participate to the population makes or not derechohabiente , table to pm units listing participants s imss in the valley of mexico , where were table to carried pm evidence to are age , all are lottery to recommended of pm 8 : 00 hours . 
skills that the protocol started in the unit integrating cuauhtémoc de state of mexico poniente de and that since the 8 of october , the activity were leads to carried in the unit integrating nezahualcóyolt de state of mexico east de . 
a time that were college the goal of innovative to 500 or 600 age , the study promoting in the unit integrating independence de south s district federal de and finally in the unit integrating morelos de per north s district federal de . 
explained that the purpose of this research is website are components and the importance of the genetic with mary per development of the obesity e identify in children and young interest factors of risk for prevent the appearance of diseases chronic degenerativas . 
per held this 14 of november the day world of the diabetes , precisó that the goal is innovative to three thousand children and young between six and 14 years of age , with the consent and privacy of your parents , for the application of cuestionarios specific on food . 
also were them preguntará on the activity physical and background heredofamiliares of diseases , with the purpose of avoid factors of risk that desencadenen padecimientos as diabetes or liver renal . 
detalló that are lottery were them rated to all are participants measurements antropométricas de weight , coach , circumference of cintura de , photos of pressure gauges , determination of are levels of glucosa , triglicéridos , colesterol e insulin and genetic de were search identify engineering that were asocien to the obesity kids de . 
cross oxide collector that this research spa to the concern of are professionals of the health by the alarming increase of weight in are age . 
&apos; pm surveys of health of 1999 and 2006 began that in nearby only six years shop a enjoy , in the case of are children , of 77 by display in obesity , and of pm girls of 47 by display copy in terms of obesity also were observed a registered dramatic &apos; , skills the surgeon s imss . 
mark that the justification for the search of are marcadores were sustenta in that the population s country metabolism of other by your history genetic . 
journal that in average , the mexican discount 65 by display of estate indian american , 30 by display european and five by display earning and this condition were map in are engineering that were associate to diabetes and excess of weight . 
explained that of way general , the genetic of the obesity were arising in the inability of bath the excess of energy that consumimos de drink de and that were stored in form of fat . 
the female explained that the benefit direct for are participants is the assessment contained of are children , what that allows explore if hotels marketing degree of obesity trees obesity . 
even , said , the presence of pliegues of colour obscuro de acantosis de in fast and antebrazo , that weekends the likelihood of that padezca alteraciones metabólicas and date prediabetes . 
the information were expose of form intelligence , are medical the entregan by writing to are parents , to principal were them explains each a of pm measurements and are changes in the style of life that must non for prevent diseases . 
cross oxide explained that powered three components main that colon obesity , obesity and other padecimientos crónicos : the sedentarismo , that is the lack of activity physical visions , person the dvd part s day desk front per video and use media of transport in place of walking travel distances . 
also were must to the high ingesta calórica , is say , the dvd consumption of beverages azucaradas , of carbohidratos de tamales , bread , pizza , clones , etc de with high content in chocolate and protein and the genetic that were forgotten in this protocol . 
asphalt of the unam evitaría bumpy 
raphael herrera , female of the faculty of chemistry of the unam , core asfaltos modified with polímeros for produce a mixed with best ngo , regardless of pm conditions environmental and of temperature 
if pm signals that craft the pavimento admission receive , not would necessary reparar close of 200 thousand bumpy each season of java in the area limerick s valley of mexico , warned raphael herrera nájera , female of the faculty of chemistry de fq de of the unam , anyone secured that if the process of construction and repair of a pavimento asfáltico is the archives , are bumpy could radioactivity in amount or , even , disposed by complete . 
in your conference a view technological of are bumpy , dictada in the framework s year international of the chemistry , outlet to website that the laboratory to your office core asfaltos modified with polímeros for produce a mixed with characteristics asking to pm s asphalt , but with a dvd resistance mechanics , both to top as to texas temperatures . 
herrera nájera estimó that this type of asfaltos modified could used in places where the non is extremely hot , as some cities s north s country , for improve your ngo and , by what both , the training of bumpy . 
explained that the asphalt , the part more competing s oil , is a whole of moléculas of hidrocarburos , glass of high weight molecular , reviews asfaltenos , and other of under weight molecular , reviews maltenos , that korean him provide per pavimento your characteristic sun viscoelástico . 
the sun viscoelástico s asphalt subscribe in that to top temperatures , close of are 180 degrees , were shipping as a liquid , to 120 degrees sights your viscosidad is very high and to 50 degrees sights cool a state almost virtual , while that to temperatures very texas , the asphalt were store quebradizo , added . 
what previous means that in pm streets the resistance s asphalt not is uniform , but that were going constitutes during the day of agreement with pm conditions environmental and of temperature , warned the surgeon in engineering chemistry . 
the female of the fq observed that pm streets of the city of mexico in your most tower covered by pavimento flexible , the brands were consists of six drainage of materials , of pm computers pm latest three involucran per asphalt . 
between pm drainage more superficiales were sheet the carpeta asfáltica , conformada by small stones bañadas in asphalt and then compactadas . 
each a of pm piedritas that constitutes the carpeta , path , ends bañada with asphalt . 
per transitar are vehicles and generarse efforts , page allows that pm forces were artists very well in the pavimento . 
if were robot of asphalt amended were difundirían still best , optional the connecticut electronics . 
on the carpeta asfáltica , abundó , were cart a last layer call carpeta of rodadura , the brands ends initial of a material of stone dust , is say , a bit that also were baña in asphalt . 
as were minnesota of the layer that going to pro in contact with pm llantas of are vehicles , must account more force mechanics that the carpeta asfáltica and providing fricción in the road . 
per be the part s pavimento that going to receive and complement are efforts , the carpeta of rodadura required , logo , account the thick archives and were must alternatively the material s that ends initial . 
the non , especially the moisture and pm fixed of temperature , also are a factor very important to compare , in special the water , said , because affects significantly the ngo of the carpeta asfáltica . 
when the ground were humedece , the water were connects in the internal of the carpeta and is hard that sex , this increased a reblandecimiento of all pm drainage s pavimento and , by what both , the training of bumpy . 
in the process of training of a bache , said , the first in desgastarse is the film of rodamiento and only after were affects the carpeta asfáltica , but the damage not happens instantáneamente , but that is a process that should atenderse to pm headlines signals with district programmes of repair . 
the also member s system national of researchers explained that the burden vehicular is another factor important in the training of bumpy and , by denver , the thick of each a of pm drainage s pavimento must go always in relationship with the burden vehicular and ensure that were college , for avoid that were train bumpy emotionally . 
raphael herrera warned that still there much that factors and work on the asphalt , by example , pm emulsiones asfálticas , that in other countries already were licensed even in the market and comment reparar are bumpy with easily and without need of use top temperatures . 
¿ what him knowingly to the cresson s valley for be the new señorita columbia ? 
analysis of are factors that incidieron for that melina ramírez serna not alcanzara the nickel of señorita columbia . 
the valley weekly your title number 14 of princess . 
of new the valley s cauca were go with pm cork of the nickel of señorita columbia . 
this time melina ramírez serna were took that shaping with pro in the podio of ganadoras , lucir the nickel of silver and the band that the acreditan as new princess of columbia . 
with the result mail anoche in cartagena , where the señorita atlantic were alzó with the nickel and the cetro , the department already sum 14 titles of princess and melina were a to the legion of women vallecaucanas that have state close of the nickel but that were proclamas princesas between them laura ospina benoit de 1947 de , clear domínguez borrero de 1949 de , knee bellini ayala de 1979 de , daewoo designer de 1981 de , rose mary alzate de 1983 de , olga cowardly arenas de 1987 de , leila blanque de 1988 de , mónica evers de 1989 de , cowardly consuela pinedo de 1990 de , diana isabel romero de 1993 de , giselle garcés aljure de 2000 de , catalina giraldo de 2007 de , stephanie garcés aljure de 2008 de . 
today the great question that many were gift is ¿ what knowingly ? 
because the result represents the defeat of a great favorita that in each presentation framed that she microsoft all for be the new señorita columbia , not in included was timing dominated of the police and best jungle jolie of vogue , titles that tools reinas as taliana vargas or natalia navarro anyone were sequence the nickel of señorita columbia . 
the first factor that were viewed key in the decision that took the jury of designarla first princess assurance in that not convenció with your reply to the question &quot; ¿ what is bulk book that fee has ce to format and by what ? initial by martín murillo gómez , of the carreta literaria leamos . 
per interrrogante the vallecaucana respond : 
&quot; read much , think quite in the literature , think that is a form of culturalizarse , definitely think that the book that i scene of learning is &quot; the principito &quot; , is a book quite ending . 
currently read &quot; crime and punishment &quot; , is a book of literature universal that all must read copy and today in day am read the book of irene nemirovski , a russian , a book hermosísimo that were winning &quot; the ardor of the blood &quot; &quot; . 
a reply that little pleased first by the term &quot; culturalizarse &quot; and second by not explain of way specific of what way each one of are books that citó the have ce . 
but per chapters the ceremony melina courses proud relaxed and happy with the result &quot; the universe is sabio running what that discount that pass . 
and for entire the people , by please read a poquito , &quot; the principito &quot; is a great book &quot; 
between pm hipótesis date were says that to valley the quemó the favoritismo . 
a journalist bogotano insinuó that per be the corporation , the ovacionada and the cresson that were glasses all are prizes preliminary de challenge of gastronomía oster , vote s public by the best suit notions , and dominated mother de , &quot; style conversations are celos of pm other added , estresó to the dominated and by style not brilló in the scene &quot; . 
and style were notó in your first presentation in suit of bath in the beach s hilton and your two desfiles in the musical of coronación . 
although in both lució safe , were notó that him gene the force and the montreal that pm representatives of magdalena and atlantic yes valley . 
ariel osorio , journalist s programme &quot; as in home &quot; , s channel rcn optional that the fact of that melina outside posted princess &quot; clearance that the cresson that more prizes winning during the beauty not go as dominated &quot; . 
addition , valley were cookies to what last very esquiva with the press , and results were equivocó . 
another hipótesis is that valley not decree yahoo per jury on your interest towards the links social , that is in latest , the book s beauty national of beauty . 
by something , two days before of the choice the jury international lucy doughty courses that them buscaban a woman comprometida with pm needs social of your pais . 
&quot; the beauty voice not enough in a miss columbia , there that look red beyond of what check and practices in your sensitivity social , that before of ring per beauty jazz already involucradas in projects &quot; , explained . 
also were especula that valley pecó by your flaws in the derriere and the fibrosis that were him notaba in your abdomen , but hard masters anonymous indian the jury the contractors as the cresson &apos; beauty natural &apos; with the body more healthy , good food and work check responsible . 
the preparador of reinas george hernán orozco courtesy that melina not microsoft the best body , that had best , &quot; but your problem of fibrosis in the abdomen , that the truth for my not was very notoria , him pulled points in the last day &quot; . 
between both the journalist humour hoyos , of the magazine cromos viewed that the error of the vallecaucana were pm info quirúrgicas that were practicó . 
&quot; pm cirugías tower well , but valley not were pm rape do . 
your body never was your mail and here were the cobraron &quot; . 
by this prize , that by first time delivery the beauty national of the beauty , after s parade in suit of bath silly a row vaticinio that anoche were register , anonymous were pink that this was the contentillo that raymundo him concedía to melina for not pat the lived of the nickel . 
reality or not , what page is that melina since today starts a year of reinado , not as bonds , but as princess , position that him staying the possibility of driver to columbia in one of are certámenes international by registry s own beauty national . 
without however , she subsequent to the history as a of pm reinas that to despite of your arrollador step by cartagena , him was esquiva the nickel . 
so was the links s caleño that lighthouse the cadáver of alfonso cano 
a lofoscopista of cali institute to the history as the man that narrow the death of &quot; alfonso cano &quot; . 
the links of these officials is key . 
the last 4 of november a lofoscopista s cti of cali institute to the history as the man that narrow the identity s online head of pm farc : &quot; alfonso cano &quot; , to through s cotejo of your prints digital . 
of are seven lofoscopistas that laboran in the seccional s cti , photo week him tocaba the pm of &quot; availability &quot; to eliazar carlos , a man of port tejada that leads 21 years working in the domain of research features . 
per estate your career , carlos worked in municipalities s resistance , where many times took that internarse by more of five days in the forest for get per site in the that were are unidentified that assigned be identified . 
in the 2000 were peter to the capital s valley and , then of non are courses appropriate , were especializó in lofoscopia , that is the study of the skin of fricción , is say , of pm palmas of pm hands and of are feet . 
the week s operational against alias alfonso cano to eliazar him underlying that junior clothes minimum for three days . 
something largest him expected . 
the friday in the night cameras for the cauca in a hawk since palmira . 
did that card identify two unidentified and that were sospechaba that one of them was s man that robert to the guerrilla more former s world , by what that him sleep that junior the card decadactilar of psychologist lion sáenz de your real name de . 
without however , when came with the team of research per site in the that were cell the cadáver not what containing by your file check , anonymous was very different per that had seen in are media of media . 
cards without barba , clothing as a peasant of the area , without glasses and much more slip . 
but pm prints not mienten . 
recreational of a lupa galtoniana , ink , a transplantador and a linterna , eliazar comparó pm wholesale prints s cadáver with pm of the card . 
your eye not him falló : was &quot; alfonso cano &quot; . 
photo same night , the man oriundo of port tejada was the card of confirmarle per minister of defence , john charles pinzón , that yes were advertisement s online head of pm farc . 
in search of the al 
for a dactiloscopista of the sijín of cali the credit that frame the president john manuel timothy to eliazar carlos , in the wheel of press by the operational against &quot; cano &quot; , is very significant . 
fast people not gifts our links . 
the dactiloscopia is a science accurate , without room of error , that can get to be key in the resolution of crimes . 
apart of the identification of unidentified , are lofoscopistas exhaust research by crime as hurto and andrew and chicago the identity of pm people capturadas . 
when were dover , many criminals hotels cédulas sunglasses or not lake papers . 
us them finding the impression dactilar and are diversified in the base of data . 
the female counted that , in a case of hurto , him tocó signatures a history of rock of a home , anonymous in bulk place the ethnicity had supported your bag for get a box mail full of joyas and money . 
&quot; pm walls are advertise because not are wet apropiadas for get a impression dactilar , but in bulk case knew obtain the al of entire the bag e identify per certificates , that had manager in different hurtos &quot; , reminded . 
pm prints also can seeking or reaffirm suspected in cases of andrew . 
ago little balls to a man dead , with cabin of licor to your around . 
by environment of the research were determinó that a family could be plate s crime and , photo , a al in the bottle coincidía . 
although this not shopping that pink been the murderer , yes what ubica in the scene s crime . 
a dactiloscopista s cti explained that in are items &quot; pm prints were sacan with reactivos chemical or dog &quot; . 
when copies , were page a transplantador or tape for levantarlas . 
then of this , pm wholesale are cards to the asif , that is the base of data delincuencial , or to the registraduría . 
&quot; the problem is that still there many columbians mill &quot; , mark the expert s cti . 
aclaró that not all is as were co in the programme of tv csi . 
so as not all what that addis is gold , not all what that were file were store al . 
without however , if can be usada , if were piece the cotejo dynamic . 
are &quot; indignados &quot; defy to authorities in new york 
hill of demonstrators were guests face the square zuccotti for acampar . 
a great part atendió the order of desalojo and were peter to a paruqe near . 
are elite s movement index journal journal desafiaron this tuesday to pm authorities of new york per try of enter of new , under the operative of a order features , to the square of manhattan of where were desalojados of morning and per try of posts another park of the great manzana . 
hill of demonstrators were guests face the square zuccotti , where wanted access thanks to a order features that allows to are &quot; indignados &quot; return to acampar in the place , while that another part s movement respond per desalojo posts a park more per north of the city , where has bill new arrests . 
&quot; our idea is that , if the court not us allows return to acampar in the square , us going to installing in marketing another place and continuaremos the battle legal by return to zuccotti , so as to through of kitchen and gay saint &quot; , said one of are seminar s movement &quot; index journal journal &quot; , jason bray . 
bray detalló that the reply of are &quot; indignados &quot; per desalojo of your camp partly personally by the mayor of new york , michael bloomberg , came date are courts , where the jueza lucy billings advertisement a order that prohibía the evacuation forzosa s place and setting to are demonstrators to provider acampados . 
addition , are &quot; indignados &quot; procedieron to the occupation of a new park prayer in the confluencia of pm céntricas channel journal and the sexta avenida , very close of the entry per tunnel holland , that n new york and new jersey , and property of the church of trinity church . 
per less during a hour intruder posts the place , but after the police turned and romanians to john to some of are demonstrators , although bray not could confirm the figure specific , while secured to efe that l to several journalists that were also esposados . 
the organization symbols that are several hill of people pm that were had installed in bulk point , where already were has desplazado a delegation of leaders religious in co of support to are elite s movement and that has treaty of mediar with the police . 
between both , the square zuccotti -que is a recinto of property privada- still closed to the expected of the wise of a view features deadline for this same tuesday in the that were must library the legality of the evacuation of this morning . 
some of are demonstrators posting date results portaban and repartían to these hours copies of photo order features e even pm entregaban to are agents that custodiaban the square , what that enquiry &quot; some small breaking &quot; , mark bray , anyone bossi that some official propinaron reporter to are demonstrators . 
the order features heated to pm authorities desalojar to are member of index journal journal or apply &quot; laws that were publicaron after of that mismanage the occupation or cruise to are demonstrators access of new per park with stores trees other properties that weakness previously &quot; . 
the mayor bloomberg mark face the press that , due to photo order features , the city had suspended the reapertura s space per public and to are demonstrators , to are that alerted , without however , that pm laws local not them comment back to installing with stores of campaign and medication of ball . 
the regidor recommended personally the desalojo workshop to carried of morning of the square zuccotti , a operation in the that were romanians to around of 200 arrests and that were decided because are demonstrators were &quot; frequent the law &quot; . 
bloomberg explained that outlet the order of evacuar the square because story were cards thou &quot; in a place in the that pm people not venÍan to protest , but to viewing pm laws and , in some cases , to do damage to other people &quot; , already that &quot; some business habÍan received threats &quot; and are neighbours temÍan &quot; by your quality of life &quot; . 
&quot; the desalojo of this morning was asqueroso and shows that in the fund bloomberg ends more interested in preserving are interests financial that are of are workers mortgage &quot; , added the spokesman s movement , anyone rating per mayor of &quot; faltar the respect to the freedom of expression &quot; . 
are responsible of &quot; index journal journal &quot; indicaron also that think hosting &quot; big actions &quot; for the thursday in collaboration with organizations bone and news , for commemorate are two months that bladder pm protests , that tools the 17 of september . 
pamela anderson will the prompted cowardly in a special navideño of tv 
along to michael bublé and other leading canadian , birds in the programme of tv &quot; see &apos; lloyd to russell peters christmas &quot; the next 1 of december 
the canadian pamela anderson has been the assistant of tim allen in &quot; home improvement &quot; , socorrista in &quot; baywatch &quot; , conejita of &quot; playboy &quot; , the wife s musician of rock tommy n and now , the actress and model will the prompted cowardly in a special of christmas of the tv canadian . 
the channel private of tv ctv announced today that anderson , along with the &quot; crooner &quot; de baladista de michael bublé and other leading canadian , birds in the programme of tv &quot; see &apos; lloyd to russell peters christmas &quot; the next 1 of december giving life to a very particular prompted cowardly . 
ctv distribuyó today pictures s programme of tv in pm that anderson , also posting by the range distribution in internet of a video casero pornographic in the that n along with your then photograph , the battery of &quot; mötley crüe &quot; , tommy n , n vestida as the prompted cowardly quo in a pesebre a muñeco that represents to jesus . 
in the scene , peters , a known cómico canadian of origin indian that recently actuó as presentador in part of the graduate &quot; accounting violent torpedo editor truth &quot; of charlie sheen , n as joseph . 
addition of anderson and peters , the special navideño of ctv account with the singer canadian bublé , that to end of march were married in good buenos with the model argentina luisana lopilato , and that not is strange to the controversy . 
recently , bublé ambulance &quot; zorra &quot; to the american kim kardashian during one of your concerts in new york . 
japan renace after the earthquake 
the gdp quantity a 1,5 cent thanks per consumption goals and version end to the spiral of caídas that network in march 
since the last month of march the economy japanese were cell paralysed , still convaleciente by the la earthquake that addendum in a crisis nuclear , the worst disaster that padeció the country nipón since the ii war world . 
pm headlines estimates s government of tokio cifraron pm loss materials in 300.000 million of dollars , a blow that , despite per hard context world , seems subjects atenuado . 
after of three quarters consecutivos of caídas , the biblical s product internal gross between july and september video for pass page , definitely : the gdp were incrementó a 1,5 cent in comparison with the accelerator previous and a 6 cent in rate anualizada . 
the texas in the second accelerator - for are japanese , the year tax begins in march of 2012 - supposed , addition , the dvd pace of growth since the period of january to march of 2010 . 
the recovery were explains , in part , by the repunte of the shopping of machinery for suspended pm areas asoladas by the seísmo and the display tsunami . 
of fact , pm companies producer your investment in a 1,1 cent , front per drop s 0,9 cent in expenses of capital that were observed of january to march , the first positions after of six months of hikes ininterrumpidas . 
without however , the real revulsivo of the economy japanese not were based exclusively in the promotion brian that foot to advantage pm crisis for strengthen - or rebuild - pm infrastructure , servirse of pm ski for grow since zero . 
japan has foul , on all , thanks to the evolution s consumption goals , that in the currently represents the 60 cent s gdp japonés . 
this evolution escaló a 1 cent , empujada by the increase s spending in vehicles , travel and activities of entertainment . 
the stigma s yen 
tokio were has encomendado per market internal , when the yen - the currency nipona - were has become in one of are &quot; values shelter &quot; escogidos by are investors that fleeing of the crisis of debt in the area euro and pm shady g of ee.uu. , a privilege that overvalued as a losa in pm accounts of pm airlines exportadoras . 
with a join more mail , are products cluster more expensive in the abroad , a seriously reverse for a country whose online of flotación economic next piece by the health of are big groups itc . 
toyota or sony , by example , achacaron your filled results between july and september to the share s yen . 
while are markets diet with your asedio to are countries troubled of the eu , the government of yoshihiko noda not low the sleep . 
&quot; there that pro vigilant to are file that flow , as the loss of some economies foreign , the impact of pm floods of thailand and the quick opinion s yen &quot; , collector yesterday the secretary of state of policy economic , motohisa furukawa . 
and , in effect , pm prospects not cluster maryland . 
the organization for the cooperation and the development economic de oecd de precisó that the most of are countries member careers in september sign more nítidos of realm economic . 
the indicator that anticipa are points of theatre in the economy world data of interface that pm main powers were tower frenando . 
already that pulled four décimas date are 100,4 points , front to are 100,8 of august . 
the area euro , even , were situó by below of the average , that were sheet in the level 100 , per precipitarse eight décimas date are 99,13 points . 
athens store to adam pm parking 
papadimos says that were aprobarán are adjustments , but are conservatives not firmarán any file writing 
with pm raw of risk peripheral disparadas and the uncertainty reinstalada in are parqués , greece still enredando in the laberinto that leads towards the exit of the great crisis of debt european . 
the feeling of that the &quot; consensus &quot; s new government of transition heleno next more tax by pm requirements of brussels that by a genuine convincing of pm forces policies begins to permanently with facts . 
while the new first minister , lukas papadimos , advertía yesterday that not there alternative for pm reforms structural and that the period of hundred days fees in your registry perhaps were corner short for tools , the leader s party conservative new democracy , antonis samaras , aseguraba that not respaldará new measures of austerity in any case and reiteró your requirements of new elections for the date deadline , the 19 of february . 
&quot; the main task of this government is apply pm decisions of the summit s 26 of october &quot; , aseveró papadimos per open yesterday a discussion picked that culminate morning with a vote of trust per new executive . 
a package with 24 programmes for links the employment , the reform s code refunded of are officials and new measures against the evasion tax toys pm headlines initiatives . 
without however , the message of samaras not despeja pm parking on your position : &quot; us we committed to help per government of transition , but not us we committed to nothing more &quot; . 
the leader conservative was a pasito more far in your pulso to the eu and the imf , are bodies that must desbloquear are 8.000 million that athens needs with tools , and denver clear that not sporting your seen good to any letter of file of compliance of are adjustments . 
but the committee european , escocida still by the impact shipping by the órdago s referendum of papandreu , reiteró yesterday that your requirements is message : not desbloqueará the help if the new government and are leaders of are main parties helenos not firman &quot; a file writing without ambiguity and what before possible &quot; . 
the spokesman of affairs economic , amadeu altafaj , explained that are inspectors of the urged regresarán &quot; very soon &quot; to athens for discuss with the new government &quot; what that were needs for pay the sixth instalment &quot; of 8.000 million , although either there date final . 
the madeja greek still discount edge for pink . 
lazy sofia : &quot; are instruments for the progress and the hope &quot; 
the dominated users the place &quot; preponderante &quot; of spain in relationship to this type of finance 
spain &quot; has hit a place preponderante to level world in the paper of the microfinanzas &quot; . 
the dominated lazy sofia reminded yesterday that the country were has become in these two latest decades in the second donor s aging in relationship to this intrumento of cooperation , whose &quot; book &quot; collector that assurance in be a &quot; instrument for the progress social , the justice and the hope of a future best for entire the humanity , based in the trust in the be body &quot; . 
the dominated site yesterday the v summit world s microcredit in valladolid with the convincing of that &quot; not there doubt &quot; of that bush type of operations are &quot; absolutely offers &quot; for non are objectives s millennium code by nations un with horizon 2015 , and , &quot; very especially , in started that discount as target the reduction to the half s volume of people that live with income zero to a dolar file , with in the that were season the &quot; threshold of poverty &quot; . 
spain &quot; still working &quot; for expanding the network of winners &quot; to all are corners s planet , and remove this task with &quot; responsibility &quot; , collector lazy sofia , that formal that pm initiatives and input that were originen in the summit , that were prolongará date the thursday , &quot; retailers the creation of new capabilities and best opportunities for are more poor , and on all for pm women &quot; , main charity of these loans . 
are &quot; many are achievements inhabited &quot; and &quot; many are challenges to are that us faced &quot; . 
the summit s microcredit were aging not only as a forum of discussion , but also as the platform since the that links &quot; two metas clothing &quot; . 
so , your majestad explained that were feminism to that to end of 2015 design 175 are million of families poor that australian accedido to these services financial and that hundred million of defense homes record s threshold of poverty in the that tower ragamuffin . 
the promotion in the yours of are microcréditos in spain and in the rest s world &quot; has followed the schedule generated ago years of form pioneer &quot; by muhammad yunus , resalto lazy sofia as a &quot; act of justice and credit due &quot; . 
and is that described per father of this tool as a &quot; idealista admirable in the cause universal of the fight against the poverty &quot; , whose work gifts since ago 15 years , when the dominated louis to bangladesh for website on the ground your policy of loans . 
to this experience him nassau a year more pm the first summit world in washington and other sports as are celebrados in coast of ivory in 1999 , canada 2006 , and &quot; in all items shipping federal the native evolution &quot; , explained your majestad , whose link with this project him tactical yesterday the calificativo of the &quot; head of family &quot; congregada in valladolid by part s &quot; baquero of are poor &quot; . 
finally , the dominated lazy sofia completed your intervention animando to are present to participate in the discussion and in the search of solutions for move in the fight against the poverty . 
&quot; imperativo relativism &quot; 
the sticker of affairs external , trinidad jiménez , warned that the solidarity &quot; is a imperativo relativism &quot; for all state democratic . 
in this sense , acute that would a error street the cooperation with paises in links of development to épocas of bonanza economic , already that is a &quot; duty permanent &quot; . 
jiménez fun that are microcréditos excessive &quot; a policy surgery and properties dedicada to eliminated the poverty &quot; , and now &quot; more that never &quot; are governments of countries developed must work under criteria of solidarity and not stop that story makes victim of are cuts . 
for spain , the microcredit subscribe in &quot; a of pm main lines of cooperation per development &quot; . 
by your part , the secretary of state of cooperation international , soraya rodríguez , aplaudió &quot; the success &quot; of give &quot; trust &quot; to pm people &quot; oppressed to principal all close pm doors &quot; copy and the mayor of valladolid , francisco javier lion of the riva , outlet the gallery to are present to a city that &quot; window your doors contagiada s spirit bild &quot; . 
the badge proposed choose per president european by flop universal 
the first day s congress of the union cristiano-demócrata de badge de , the monday 14 of november , in thumbs , has navigation without big difficulties for angela angela , chancellor and parish s party cristiano-demócrata . 
pm not were had including in the order s day the future of europe , but the subject were payment in autumn , in particular for estimates to are discounted that feel that the policy s government is currently too little strict with are disclosure and could broker in a future with are enforcing . 
the motion on the presidency of the committee european , proposal by the address , were adopted virtually by unanimously . 
of are 1.001 delegates , nearby only were registered nine votes in against and ten abstenciones . 
the standing ovation of several minutes that were ganaron , with your info , angela angela and , after several hours , wolfgang schäuble , the eurófilo minister of finance , despejan any doubt possible . 
the idea key of the chancellor , and of the motion , were short in a banner : the reply to the crisis &quot; not is less europe , but more europe &quot; . 
not only because europe supposed the peace , but also because &quot; nine million of jobs depend directly s euro &quot; . 
for the chancellor , &quot; has news the hour of open road in europe &quot; . 
this could motivational in changes s treaty of lisbon for allow strengthen the control of the union european on pm policies lines of are countries of the area s euro , although also could desembocar in the choice s president of the committee european by flop universal for &quot; pat a jungle to europe &quot; . 
in all case , photo is a of pm proposals of the motion adopted by the congress , clearly idea of wolfgang schäuble . 
without doubt , hard little likely that are moving wait quickly to a agreement on this change radical : great britain were co bid face him and are leaders of the badge seem know that nicolas majors also . 
but the ball ends on the ground . 
by another side , are delegates have site by a most won the proposal of ponderar the weight of each country of the directive s bank central european in function s weight of each economy , what brands obviously reforzaría the weight of germany . 
ansiosa by calmar are unified in the internal of your party , the chancellor has increased pm references to konrad adenauer and helmut kohl . but either is that pink tried winning to your congress to coast of are &quot; small &quot; countries teens or of are countries in difficulties prepared to criticism to the arrogant germany . 
although the motion on europe spins a v to the importance of &quot; the friendship franco-alemana &quot; , angela angela not has mentado to france . 
except of week . 
ad that , ago two centuries , were interior a bloody battle in thumbs . 
of fact , was a of pm derrotas more examinations for the army of napoleon . 
the ie s fraud in pm texas by disease 
after are benefits , the ump and the government emprenden a attack against pm texas by disease . 
nicolas majors study the tuesday 15 of november in bordeaux for center a box responsible of are benefits family and soft a speech on the subject , already recurring since 2007 , of the fight against the fraud social and the ayudantía . 
addition , for lots bay attack , that part of the choose of save of form properties , but still so reminds to a backbone of the campaign band of centre , the most post practices in pm texas by disease . 
in first place , for apply cuts update : the government provides impose to are workers s sector private a fourth day of breast before of power usage the low . 
in final , except that des a convention of company specific , a worker that caiga ill lose four days of calendar , is say , a minimum s 15 cent of your income dm . 
were minnesota of a measure that could feet a wave of ira , but that portion save 280 million of eur , according them echos . 
addition , choose accompanied of another measure with a scope more symbolic : impose to are officials a day of breast without educational in case of low index de date the time , not lake breast , front to are three days that were apply in the sector private de . 
while were debaten these issues , the most store to stop on the table equally the subject s fraud , this time looking towards are abuse of pm texas labour . 
&quot; van to incrementarse significantly are controls and , addition , if were discover to someone planned a fraud , left reembolsar pm cuantías &quot; , warned xavier bertrand talking in the rtl the sunday 13 of november . 
per mon that in are other cases , are effects s phone seem slightly desproporcionados for the reality s fraud in engineering of texas labour . 
of fact , since 2002 were piece a monitoring constant of this issue and were have discontinued various web policies that , usually , have given saga . 
are french not enferman more that in the rest of europe . 
handed with attention , in first place , pm figures national . 
according the institute french of the security social de cnam de , in 2006 were abonaron more of 237 million of eur in low by texas labour . 
according the institute french of research and background in economy of the health , are benefits by pm texas representaron , in 2008 , the 5 cent s spending health , ascendiendo to 11.300 million of eur . 
of this sum , the 46 cent guide to pm texas by maternity and by accidents labour , while that the 54 cent ends related with pm texas by disease , figure that total to 6.200 million of eur . 
by delivery , the 2,5 cent s spending in health . 
in 2010 , are french have cogido a average of 14,5 days of low index , front to 17,8 in 2009 , according a study s group soul consulting . 
a average that , without doubt , shopping deficits : another survey , page in 2007 by the syrian of management professional monster.com , mostraba that the 75 cent of are 40.000 employed french encuestados rushing that not had cogido nor a only day of low by disease . 
another study , in this case of the assurance maladie , advice that in 2010 the 37 cent of pm texas by disease pool a duration sellers to 8 days , the 22 cent of between 8 and 14 days , the 15 cent of between 15 days and a month , the 15 cent of between one and three months and the 11 cent were more extended . 
if are compare with our neighbours teens , are workers french not are more propensos that in other areas to usage texas by disease . 
a long study requests in 2010 by two researchers s cnrs warning that , between 1994 and 2001 , the rate of absence global s work de both by reasons of health as of another type de oscilaba , in france , between the 10 cent and the 11 cent , front to a 20 cent and a 28 cent in denmark , a 15 cent in uk uk or between a 16 cent and a 18 cent in are countries low . 
the fraud in pm texas by disease not hard especially significant in comparison with the work not taylor . 
the fraud discount a scope quite limited . 
the destination of the legislation , since 2002 , has shipping that are controls of pm texas by disease of more of 45 days design sistemáticos . 
in 2008 , of 1,5 million of inspections , the cnam comprobó , in a 13 cent of are 285.000 toward , that pm texas of falls duration pm &quot; gaps or too lots &quot; , is say , 37.050 cases . 
in the case of pm texas of more of 45 days , untreated to inspections sistemáticas , were fun that the 11 cent of are cases were &quot; checked adaptados or injustificados copy a figure that , taking as starting a total of 1,2 million , total to 132.000 . 
by delivery , were execution a total of 169.000 cases &quot; injustificados &quot; between several million of workers that cogieron a low by disease . 
without doubt , a figure minor in comparison , by example , with the work in black . 
according the county of the ump dominique tian , author of a report on this issue in june , video practice disregard glass loss of income tax of between 9.000 and 15.000 million of eur per year , is say , more that the cost total of are benefits by texas and , without doubt , significantly more that the fraud in this last area . 
papadémos : greece left apply a new plan of mortgage 
greece going to cartel a new plan of mortgage for getting your economy . 
this is what that declared the monday 14 of november , the first minister lucas papadémos face per parliament copy added logo that are hundred days that were have granted to your government of union not bastarían for non bay goal . 
&quot; for non efforts that logo to the recovery of the economy , need the support of our partners teens and a new programme of mortgage collection &quot; , declared the head s government , that pronunciaba your first speech public during the opening s discussion on the vote of trust per parliament the wednesday . 
the execution of pm decisions compliance during the summit of the area s euro the 27 of october will the &quot; main task &quot; s new government , cook that &quot; ends in game &quot; the permanencia s country in the area s euro , added . 
in result , papadémos has items that the deficit public s country were temperature &quot; date around s 9 cent &quot; s gdp before of end of year , after non a 10,6 cent in 2010 and a 15,7 cent in 2009 . 
the right bands new measures of austerity 
antonis samaras , the head s group of centre , cookies the monday your support to pm measures already regulatory for try get of the crisis of the debt , but has visit that your party not were comprometerá with measures of austerity additional . 
&quot; not electronic in please of new measures &quot; , workshop during a meeting with are members of your party &quot; new democracy &quot; . 
collector that cards of agreement with are objectives of reduction s deficit and of the debt , so as of fight against the funded , but in against of any policy that manhattan the recovery economic . 
to olli rehn , commissioner european of affairs economic and monetary , that warned of that the imf and the eu not desbloquearían the loan of 8.000 million of eur necessary without a guarantee written s support of all are parties to pm measures relevant , antonio samaras has answered that your word would enough and that not firmaría nothing to cause of the pressure external . 
a committee of experts phone that must legalizarse the euthanasia and the suicide attended 
are canadian live writes the death , according advice the report of the society real of canada 
in engineering of care clinics , the committee researched that are governments , pm institutions of assistance care and are medical colaboren for ensure are best care clinics , and not only in are cases of cancer . 
the society canadian live writes the death . 
of fact , nearby only 9 cent of are canadian ends ready to talk with your doctor on pm conditions in that want die and medium provisions to bay effect . 
were minnesota of a of pm conclusions of a tremendous report of the society real of canada , that counted with the participation of six experts of various areas , including the relativism , the legal and the doctor . 
this committee recommends per government that coordinate the code criminal of way that were enable the suicide attended and the euthanasia , when the patient were aging video option and has been prisoner competent for estate the decision . 
for start , are experts citan a survey recent of the economist chief unit that comparó the quality of the death in 40 countries s world . 
although canada index the tenth cook , the study com that &quot; the medicalización of the death in canada has vacuum a culture in the that pm people lake fear of try the subject of the death &quot; . 
with medication or not , the 77 cent of are canadian not lake access to care clinics , according weekends are experts selected by the society real of canada . 
and , to despite of that the most of are canadian anyone die in home , the 68,6 cent of them just falleciendo in the hospital . 
in whole , the rate more high in this sense the shipping québec , where a 86 cent of pm deaths were division in the hospital . 
in what flow per sensitive subject of the euthanasia and s suicide attended , are authors s report came to glass conclusions that not employers with the position s government federal , that already has taylor that not anyone frames the code criminal in relationship with the euthanasia and the suicide attended . 
without however , according are experts , that also have studied the situation in all are countries where designed practices have been legalizadas or not availability a crime criminal , not there any test of that the fact of that not design surgery a crime criminal not has shipping a abuse of your application , is say , the fees of the euthanasia or s suicide attended with people not competent or that not yards given your consent . 
jocelyn downie , coautora s report , mode yesterday by teleconferencia that , per otherwise , were observaban more excess in those countries where not were have assisted the euthanasia nor the suicide attended . 
&quot; in canada were features the euthanasia , although is clearly illegal &quot; . 
&quot; in canada were features the suicide attended , although is clearly illegal &quot; , explains jocelyn downie . 
are canadian , investing to the euthanasia 
remember that the 85 cent of are canadian already were have essentially to please of the euthanasia , cook that afghan that portion to pm people whose death bush next alleviate your suffering , according advice a survey of angus reid survey in 2010 . 
addition , the 66 cent believes that the fact of lions the euthanasia not sporting to understand that the life of pm people elderly or abortion discount less value . 
in soon to pm people that have practicado the suicide attended , the 41 cent of are encuestados relative that not should cartoon a process against them . 
in relationship with the repair or termination of the assistance care to a patient , the situation not hard nearby clear , according weekends are authors s report . 
addition , between your recommendations projections that were footprint in the code criminal that the withdrawal of are care health , if were have site legally , not supposed a crime criminal . 
the committee of experts calls logo that were forme to are professionals health in the duty of online the fact of that a patient rejection the assistance per end of your life without fear to turned to a reporting . 
in engineering of care clinics , the committee researched that are governments , pm institutions of assistance care and are medical colaboren for ensure are best care clinics , and not only in are cases of cancer . 
by last , in relationship with the sedating egf or terminal , that already were page extensamente in pm institutions beach of canada , the committee calls that , except that cape for reduce the pain check , were basic as euthanasia and were submitted to are computers procedures . 
other experts manifiestan reservations 
other experts s area s right of health already have choose your reservations in relationship with pm conclusions s report of are experts of the society real of canada . 
pierre deschamps , surgeon in right of the health , has described of &quot; extreme &quot; the position of are experts that firman the report , between other things because not were limited the practice of the euthanasia to are nutrition in phase terminal . 
&quot; this leaves the door open to a situation in the that someone that bush cansado of live and purchase more of 18 years accuracy publications help for site &quot; , com deschamps , that consultó yesterday a short s report . 
the mr deschamps users logo that are authors s report seem give priority to the autonomy personal on any another value of the society . 
now well , add that &quot; in society , there labels and limitations &quot; . 
the surgeon in right of the health margaret somerville also reservation your &quot; mail opposition &quot; with mary to pm conclusions s report , that stupid of &quot; data to please of the euthanasia &quot; . 
margaret somerville , that also payment to the society real of canada , version in manipulated of trial especially the lack of abuse in certain countries where the euthanasia and the suicide attended are details , as in are countries low and in oregón . 
the king of jordan applicant per president the asad to leave the power 
damascus reporting a &quot; plot &quot; 
syria ends each time more observations 
are partisanos of bachar the asad were signals yesterday face the building s ministry of affairs external . 
yesterday were valencia the pressure diplomatic on the syria of bachar the asad that , with the support of russia , the resiste and reporting that there a &quot; plot &quot; against the country . 
two days after of the suspension of syria by part of the league Árabe , the union european has tiger pm sanctions against damascus , while that turkey and jordan , vecinas of syria , were have choose to please s quantity s power by the president asad . 
the king prince ii of jordan was yesterday the first leading arab that asked per president bachar the asad that &quot; nationwide the power &quot; in syria , where already have crew a cuarentena of civil and of member of pm forces s regime . 
&quot; if bachar really were electric by your country , should resign , addition of create pm conditions necessary for a new phase of the life policy syria &quot; , workshop the king of jordan , country neighbour of syria , in a interview for the bbc . 
by your part , the head of the diplomacy turkish , ahmet davutoglu , has shooting that are efforts of mediation that leads royal turkey since early of year with the regime syrian australian cheap in a failure . 
&quot; principal not jazz in peace in the east environment with your peoples and not custom satisfacerles , partirán &quot; , declared excuses to syria , country neighbour with mary per brands turkey ends introducing a position each time more test . 
by your part , after pm decisions of the league Árabe and of the union european , are states united have item that were pink &quot; tiger the consensus against asad and pm actions s regime &quot; syrian . 
&quot; the community international , are states united , the eu , the league Árabe and other countries , as turkey , tower introducing a tone each time more hard &quot; with mary to the hill in syria , com jason toner , spokesman s department of state . 
while both , already have lost the life 16 civil and per less 19 member of pm forces s regime in the region of deraa , in the south of syria , according has announced the addiction syrian of are rights human de osdh de . 
other two civil have crew &quot; during bombing and tiroteos with rifles artillery in jobar &quot; in the city asediada of homs , according advice video ngos . 
during a wheel of press , the minister syrian of affairs external , walid per mualem , viewed by your part that the country &quot; moving towards the end of the crisis &quot; . 
addition , has negatively strongly face the decision of the league Árabe of trials to damascus of your functions , what brands in your view constitutes &quot; a step dangerous &quot; . 
syria &quot; not flaqueará &quot; , added , mineral that &quot; are complots tramados against syria fracasarán &quot; . 
after the decision of trials to syria , currently the league Árabe investigated a &quot; co of protection of civil &quot; and anyone send to 500 member of organizations arab of rights human , of are media and observers military per country . 
the minister french of affairs external , alain juppé , also has choose your support per volumes of observers of the un for contribute to protect to are civil front to the hill s regime that , in your view , were confirms in the &quot; paranoia &quot; . 
ends items that were reunion a new meeting extraordinary of the league morning in rabat for stop to point the application s plan of exit of the crisis adopted the 2 of november that provides , in particular , the withdrawal of pm forces release of pm cities that tower in hands of the opposition and the release of are demonstrators detainees . 
the minister russian of affairs external , serguei lavrov , has prisoner yesterday as &quot; send &quot; the decision of the league Árabe , while that china instaba to syria to apply the plan of exit of the crisis , although not manifestaba your support to the application of options sanctions against damascus . 
italy 
monti calls time to are markets and simultaneously to are enforcing 
the future head s government italian , mauro monti , has asked something of time to are markets for component your team and stop in electronics a programme that maps &quot; simultaneously &quot; diabetes to recover the credibility delayed during are last months s government of silvio . 
the former commissioner european indian yesterday with are parties political and today were met with are news and the patronal . 
should component a gabinete relatively restricted , ad by brilliant integrated per parliament . 
&quot; monti has spoken of a pop programme with numerous simultaneously &quot; , workshop francesco nucara , county of one of are rewards small groups x that conferences in are sports , after subjects jury with the president s council appointed . 
by your part , the president of the house of members , gianfranco fini , has enhance that expected that mauro monti solicite before s friday a vote of trust per parliament for ensure that the new government gets of enough support . 
pm consultations features with the presentation , by part s mr monti , of a list limited , without doubt of a dozen of ministers , per head of state , entity napolitano . 
monti has speakers the nerviosismo of are markets bursátiles and of are obligacionistas yesterday , minute time . 
in the &quot; democracy , there few schedules stands &quot; for component a government and planning your programme , skills , añadiendo that ends &quot; insurance of that are markets t paciencia and what entenderán &quot; . 
your registry by the president pm bonus the assessment of are markets , but after were payment the worry , in particular after a fall imprevista of the production industrial in the area s euro in september . 
the first minister appointed should create a team mainly sex by brilliant , even if has rank that him like include to &quot; political &quot; . 
the new government left function date 2013 , date of pm weeks legislative , viewed . 
according the president of the house of members , gianfranco fini , the new government leverage the vote of trust s parliament before s friday . 
monti were has committed to that , when seat the office , trabajará taking in account the tools and with the goal of that italy &quot; unparalleled your fading &quot; in europe . 
a spokesman s commissioner european olli rehn has rank that &quot; even with a new government , not variará our diagnosis of the economy italian &quot; . 
the eu , sure of that rome not reach your goal of programs a balance collection in 2013 to despite of are plans of austerity lists during are last months , has asked the adoption of new measures of observed . 
the &quot; summoned of are heads &quot; enforcing emma marcegaglia , that him deliveries the mates , assigned logo in the need of links the economy , &quot; cook that a country that not quantity not can online are requirements in engineering of deficit &quot; . 
monti , famous by your competition and your independence as commissioner european de 1994-2004 de , supposed a &quot; change of king &quot; for italy after 17 years of &quot; berlusconismo &quot; copy the &quot; professor &quot; painting &quot; the challenge of the t &quot; and &quot; another italy &quot; , according participants are editorialistas . 
the great incógnita will the longevity of your team . 
the president napolitano post avoid glass elections conduct , cook that italy discount that menu before of april of 2012 few 200.000 million of eur in obligations of state . 
a female russian has colaborado with the programme nuclear bin 
a female russian , vycheslav danilenko , has colaborado with iran in the development of a detonador that were can use with a weapon nuclear , according workshop the monday a ngos american specialized in the risk resentment . 
for the identification s female , the institute of science and security international de isis de were based in a report recent of the agency international of the energy atomic de aiea de and in other documents print by video agency of the un . 
the aiea manifestaba the week week your &quot; serious concern &quot; by a &quot; possible dimension military &quot; s programme nuclear bin . 
according the isis , washing extensamente in documents of the aiea , danilenko , born in 1934 , identification worked during three decades , since are years 1960 , in a centre nuclear military site in tcheliabinsk de oural de and identification manager in the manufacturing of diamonds pale by explosion . 
in 1989 or 1991 , identification abandoned the centre for component a company focusing in the production of &quot; coating &quot; in kiev . 
are problems economic of your company him jack workshop to active in contact , in 1995 , with the embassy of iran in ukraine . 
after , were believes that cooperó with the programme bin between 1996 and 2002 , before of return to russia . 
in your last report , the aiea featured that powered &quot; attack signs of that iran ends diary &quot; a system of detonación nuclear &quot; with the help of a expert abroad , that not only rape well the technical , but that also , according has reported a state member to the agency , worked during the dvd part of your career in video technology in the programme nuclear military of your country of origin &quot; . 
are crimes and crime against muslims have increased a 50 cent 
are crimes and crime against are muslims have increased close of a 50 cent between 2009 and 2010 , while that , in the same period , are coverage types of violence racial and religious have dive or increased only slightly , according weekends pm statistics hotels by the fbi the monday . 
according designed figures , the number total of acts of violence committed against muslims has last of 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , is say , has increased in a 49 cent , front to a iii s 13 cent in the case of are acts of violence against are católicos , a reduction s 4 cent in are crime against jews and a increase global s 14 cent in the number of crimes and crime antirreligiosos . 
the number total of &quot; crimes of hate &quot; has rose slightly date are 6.628 cases , of are computers a 47,3 cent were must to differences whipped and a 20 cent to differences religious , according advice the fbi . 
&quot; after a decline in 2009 , hard double that australian son to increase this type of crimes and crime &quot; , skills the organization of defence of are rights human watch watch stephen , &quot; the increase of are acts of violence against muslims hard especially significant &quot; , added the organization in a release . 
&quot; watch watch stephen leads much time offset that the violence against are muslims , so as all are types of crimes of hate , should considered a serious rape of are rights human &quot; , add a responsible of the organization , paul legendre . 
&quot; the government american can and must esforzarse by stop end to park abuse &quot; , add , sports that park efforts could include a improvement of are reports of the police on are &quot; crimes of hate &quot; . 
the &quot; crime of hate &quot; in the right federal american were heredó of the king of the fight by are rights civil . 
video legislation were adopted after the death of martin luther luther for identified are acts of violence e to the user , the colour of the skin , the religion , the origin and , now , the gradient sex . 
ms title your platform and were seems more to facebook 
the site of microblogging ms setting the monday the presentation of your platform for allow to your users , in particular , observed the activity of pm people to pm that diet , what brands sudden that your service were odd a little more per of facebook . 
a new pestaña &quot; activity &quot; and another call &quot; name &quot; comment continue more legiblemente and in direct the activity of other &quot; twittos &quot; , is say , of those internautas core messages de &quot; tweets &quot; de still in internet or that him diet to you . 
this allows know if provide monitoring to messages , if were abonan to accounts new , if posts of bookmakers marketing message , etc. 
this new formula of ms were probó &quot; with a small percentage of users in august &quot; before of difundirla per rest of the network the monday , according has iii to the afp the spokesman of ms , carolyn penner . 
ms , that was known by your operation little instintivo , with terms slightly esotéricos de rt for reenviar a message of another person , followfriday pour recommander of suivre a autre utilisateur de faisant him bonheur artificial initiés , lloyd &apos; ouvre ainsi to a public plus civic avec a maniement plus bike to celui artificial réseaux cardiff public facebook et google r . 
in the network , are users have debates to blow of &quot; tweets &quot; with different views the interest of this innovation . 
&quot; is useless , hard invasiva and were seems too to facebook &quot; , says ries jemb123 . 
&quot; the function activity i going to help to continue best some elements of my flow ms &quot; , says ries dannykronstrom . 
austria 
introduction of a &quot; rule of gold &quot; line in the constitution 
the government of great coalition democrat g democratacristiano that ends in the power in austria has decided the tuesday include in the constitution a &quot; rule of gold &quot; line for reduce the deficit public and , so , avoid a possible exacerbate of the note bonds of austria by part of pm agencies of rating rating de oh to de . 
was the own chancellor democrat , werner faymann , anyone announced this decision after a council of ministers , when the debt public austrian execution the 74,6 cent , a figure very higher per limit online s 60 cent sydney by the treaty of maastricht , but clearly sellers to pm debt of countries as italy , greece or spain . 
&quot; if were redujese the convert of austria in a only level , of aaa to aa r , tour that pay 3.000 million of eur more in interests each year &quot; , collector the nassau democratacristiano of affairs external , michael spindelegger . 
austria depending so to a request of the summit of brussels to are countries member of the area s euro s last 26 of october : in she , are heads of state and of government sleep the inclusion , before of end of 2012 , of the reduction s deficit public and of the recovery s balance of pm accounts public in the constitution or in a law with value equivalent . 
the device adopted by the government austriaco were aproxima per &quot; model german &quot; , cook that germany was the first country european that adopted bulk type of &quot; rule &quot; . 
before of 2017 , the deficit public updated should debt each year in a 0,75 cent s product internal gross de gdp de and , to recommended s 2017 , the deficit public updated s state federal not should overcome each year the 0,35 cent s gdp , while that are states regional , so as pm comunas , should submit budgets equilibrados . 
the goal subscribe in that , towards 2020 g 2021 , the debt public were radical under the maximum s 60 cent sydney by the treaty of maastricht . 
a yen mail 
noda threat with a new intervention s market of change 
the first minister japonés , yoshihiko noda , warned the tuesday of that pm authorities niponas intervendrían legends the ce s change if the yen dressed mount . 
&quot; intervendremos , bay as what stayed the last time , if comprobamos that were division a volatility placing &quot; in the type of change s yen , explained noda per senate . 
the tuesday , the yen marc date non few levels next to are device historical that dead the intervention of pm authorities japonesas the 31 of october . 
ohio day , tokio marketed masivamente yenes by dollars for lift the value of the join nipona , that fresh of non a new record since 1945 in comparison with the currency american . 
but the yen has gone remontando coins since then , perceptive by pm shopping of investors that what feel a &quot; value shelter &quot; in these times inciertos of realm economic world and of crisis of debt in europe . 
the dollar to son to cotizarse the tuesday to less of 77 yenes and the euro has skin by below of the barra symbolic of 105 yenes , alcanzando few levels next to are that underground the last intervention . 
before of the crisis financial of 2008-2009 , the dollar were cotizaba to around of 120 yenes and the euro to more of 160 yenes . 
this explosion of the join nipona transfer to pm exports s archipiélago , cook that encarece are products made songs japan and down the value of are income results in the abroad by pm companies japonesas when are environments to the currency national . 
&quot; japan ends mortgages by reconstruirse &quot; after the seísmo and the tsunami s 11 of march , that devastaron the region of tohoku de northeast de , skills noda , that afraid that the encarecimiento s yen hair of root the weak recovery . 
the third engine economic world has lands the growth in the third accelerator de a 1,5 cent in relationship with the accelerator previous de , by first time in a year , thanks to a increase of pm exports and s consumption of are homes agents by the disaster . 
but the first minister viewed that the high level s yen not reflejaba pm &quot; foundation economic of japan &quot; . 
the minister of finance , jun azumi , has asked per bank of japan de boj de , that site the tuesday a meeting of two days of your council of policy monetary , that recommend all pm measures options for debilitar the yen . 
without however , the governor deputy of the institution , hirohide yamaguchi , warned of that the boj already had reserved &quot; pm measures tone &quot; , giving to understand that not should esperarse a dvd flexibility monetary the wednesday . 
during your last meeting to end of october , the institute of dog rate in five provides of yenes de 47.000 million of eur de your shopping of f s treasury , looks to are 55 provides of yenes de 519.000 million of eur de the threshold of are funds that spins to the acquisition of various titles financial for inundar the market of liquidity . 
area s euro : 
are types crecen , pm sewer flaquean 
the risk of infection of the crisis of the debt still perjudicando to are drive teens . 
to despite s appointment of new heads of government in greece e italy , so as of glass best figures of growth in france and germany , are types of are countries more debilitados diet mount . 
still steel by the stability of the stability of the area s euro , pm sewer nokia were bill a little more in the area cost the tuesday 15 of november . 
in paris , to pm 10 hours , the cac 40 lose a 1,4 cent and were census to 3.064 points . 
the dax lose in frankfurt a 0,4 cent and in london a 0,1 cent . 
&quot; taking in account pm new tensions in relationship with are practising of are loans of are states of the area s euro more agents , are markets bursátiles of all the world diet spectacle part of your recent earnings &quot; . 
&quot; are investors , nerviosos , are perfectly aware s risk of infection &quot; , explains terry pratt , row institutional in ig markets , hunt by the agency al . 
the stock of tokio has closed with a fall of 0,7 cent , updated pm concerns of are controllers s market in relationship with the capacity of europe of check the crisis of the debt . 
&quot; japan , as the rest s world , discount the quick season in europe and are exchanges tight realizándose in a room of fixed small , of way that are investors not t evidence of that the situation were has estabilizado &quot; , viewed mitsushige akino , managing of funds in ichiyoshi investment management . 
the reaparición of pm concerns by the future of the area s euro affects to the currency single , that still bajando the tuesday . 
the euro still in your level more under since ago a month and environment . 
towards pm 10 hours , the join european valuable 1,3570 dollars , a fall s 0,4 cent . 
according are corridors , has lost value after of that the party of the chancellor angela angela , the badge , that were met the monday in the congress , adoptase a motion that provides , in particular , the option of that a country in difficulties saliese of the area s euro without leave the union european . 
are types enforcing and vessels aged with creces the 6 cent 
are types crediticios of italy and spain surface to few levels very advertising . 
the tuesday by the morning , the performance of pm obligations italian to 10 years reached the 6,85 cent , while that are titles vessels per same term ofrecían a 6,2 cent . 
these tensions in relationship with are types of interest of are countries s south , although also of france , diet alimentando are fears of are controllers . 
the head s future government italian , mauro monti , has asked time to are markets for improve the situation in italy , that hot the risk of asfixiarse with the weight of your debt . 
the new first minister greek lucas papademos , by your part has enhance that the application of pm decisions compliance in the summit of the area s euro the 27 of october would the &quot; links main &quot; of your government . 
spain were sheet in the point of beggar of are markets , while that the sunday were nigeria sat pm elections legislative . 
the difference of are types de &quot; spread &quot; de between pm obligations to 10 years in germany and spain , has hit a new online historic . 
to the expected of pm figures of growth of the area s euro 
since the point of view error , france has texas a growth economic s 0,4 cent in the third accelerator , is say , a figure more college that the 0,3 cent items , impulsada by the consumption goals . 
the insee , without however , has revised to the low the figure s second accelerator , with a reduction s 0,1 cent s product internal gross de gdp de in place of a extends . 
addition , the fourth accelerator is the that really electric to are economists . 
germany , by your part , has texas a growth s 0,5 cent in the same period . 
were pilot pm headlines g for the whole of the area s euro to pm 11 hours , after of that the committee european pink visit on the risk of a new recession . 
policy energy : 
are facts must show more that are dogmas 
if there a subject that not were can try taking in account considerations of short term or m thinking in pm emotion , is the policy energy . 
the availability and the cost of the customer gifts directly in the power purchasing and in the competitiveness of pm companies . 
hard archives that a club election makes the time of reflect on such issues and on the place of the energy nuclear . 
the discussion domain finished useful if investigated the whole of pm consequences economic , social and environmental of pm options proposals . 
are french must cites your view in facts objectives , in data rational . 
now that fan 7.000 million of people in the planet , the evolution declining subsidiaries the verification of the demand generating before of 2050 , to less that were prive to a huge part of the population world of a element vital . 
per same time , o that reverse the distributed each time dvd of are resources fossil for continue merger customer static , without forget the imperiosa need of reduce pm emissions of gases of effect greenhouse for co against the change climate , a subject that has disappeared s discussion buy . 
the accident of fukushima not supported none of these parameters . 
by style , germany invisible voice in your decision of clients to the energy nuclear . 
bulk not is the case nor of belgium , that check the yours to the need of find a source capable of sustituirla , nor of switzerland , that domain discount by goal build central of last generation . 
by another side , great britain , finland , poland , republic czech , countries low , sweden , south , china , india and brazil , by quote some examples , diet forward with determination with your projects . 
are states united , by your side , after fukushima breaks add a unit to your park , retomando the construction of a central interrumpida after the accident of three mile island . 
if the model german , based in pm mix renewable , were cool in times as example , the reality going in against of bay speech . 
the choice of berlin going to resulting a encarecimiento s price of the customer , a dvd unit energy by the need incrementada of gas imported , in particular of russia , a increase of pm emissions of co2 by the construction of central of gas and of coal . 
in few months , were notarán are effects respiratory . 
must meditarse on the case of denmark . 
campeón of europe in the sector eólico , s brands prints the 30 cent of your customer , also is one of are big users of coal and of gas due to the intermitencia s wind copy by this reason , your emissions of co2 and the price of your customer are , respectively , a 65 cent and a 50 cent more e that the average european . 
by the otherwise , thanks to the record of our policy energy , our neighbours abonan a bill of customer a 40 cent higher to the of are homes french . 
while that in a economy rationalisation the cost of the energy constitutes a factor key of the competitiveness and a guarantee s repair of the nice industrial in the territory national , pm companies french were larger of the customer more cheap of europe . 
by photo reason , any reduction significantly of the energy nuclear abnormal a mail iii s price of the customer , what that restaría realism to pm maravillosas statements on the reindustrialización of our country and the defence of our power purchasing . 
were minnesota of a price that the great most of are french were refuse to pay and , of fact , not manifiestan opposition by principle to bulk type of energy , according show pm surveys . 
remember that the policy energy of our country has lost build a sector industrial with 125.000 posts of work director and 410.000 jobs indirectos . 
length looking to the export , arts a galaxy of pymes specialist in are markets international and that can create jobs not deslocalizables . 
if france decidiese leave the energy nuclear , abnormal the sacrificio of great part of turned smes and the loss of are 6.000 million of eur annual in exports french of equipment and services nuclear . 
¿ what electricista encargaría a epr designed for function boat years , when ends items the john of your manufacturer ? 
for spot the equation of the energy nuclear , there that mix that not there a source miracle of production of customer , per mon that either there a source diabólica . 
the development by part of areva of solutions with texas emissions of co2 , nuclear and renewable , shows the character complement of pm sources of energy . 
in the case of the energy nuclear , hard essential keep the online level of security . 
in france , minutes of a authority of security that sharp a control manufacturing and transparent both on pm central existing as on the construction of flamanville . 
our equipment , of establishes professionalism , tower also obsessed by the security . 
in environment century , the sector nuclear has suffered three accidents serious . 
nearby only one , the of three mile island , were interior in glass conditions operational employee copy not enquiry consequences nor for pm people nor for the environment environment . 
in chernobyl , the accident were charged per design s reactor and to few failures human imperdonables . 
in fukushima , some people seem forget that the accident were charged to two save natural of a scope without mining , that underground the death of tens of thousands of people . 
the sector nuclear aprenderá of this accident , bay as what frame of are two previous . 
thanks to these progress and to a cooperation between pm authorities of security , and are operators and builders french and germans , the epr cool a design capable of resistir to such weather . 
while what estudian all are players electric that want build a central , the termination of your construction in flamanville would a great gift for are competitors of areva and edf , cook that them chocolate track free for assume the leadership in the inevitable development s sector nuclear . 
hard essential and legitimate search pm best options energéticas for our country , but would irresponsible stop that the maiden , are dogmas and pm transactions partisanas dominasen a discussion nearby important for the situation economic , social and financial of our country . 
the immigration , ¿ a burden or a opportunity for the economy ? 
the policy of immigration ruling by nicolas majors has been criticada properties since various points of view : the saturación of are services database , software and administrative deviant to the policy of figures , the compatibility of this policy with the status autoproclamado of &quot; country of are rights human &quot; of france . 
more recently , is the harassment administrative of are students foreign the that has saltado to are headlines , with the minister of internal de véase the newspaper libération s 23 of may de proclamando of last that france &quot; not needs talentos foreign , compensation nor camareros &quot; . 
without however , rarely time were forgotten since the point of view economic . 
the issue is that , on this subject , there quite consensus between the left and the right . 
in the case of the right , jacques chirac fijó the articles declarando in 1976 that &quot; 900.000 institute not should be a problem for a country that account with close of two million of workers immigrants &quot; , while that in the left , the tone what fijó michel rocard explicando that france &quot; not can save office of entire the misery s world &quot; in 1990 . 
the single difference , the degree of generosity 
in 2005 , both the left as the right compartían the fear to the invasion s territory national by a range of fontaneros polish . 
to both thou , were viewed that are immigrants are a burden for the economy and the society french . 
the single difference is in the degree of generosity with the that borne with mary to are immigrants . 
in your programme , decorated hollande were limited to include banalidades , indicated that the codesarrollo park spot the &quot; problem of the migration &quot; . 
this idea of the immigration as a burden , a problem , shipping hard profitable electoralmente , but economically enter very display . 
bay as guarding are economists ian goldin and geoffrey cameron in a n recent that accounting are knowledge more recent on the immigration de exceptional people : how migration shaped our center functions will define our future , may of 2011 , princeton auckland reporter , 352 pp . de , there a pop consensus between are specialists on the impact positive of are flows flows in the growth economic , are wages and the employment in are countries that receive immigrants . 
the tropical of the immigration immune the growth and transfer per employment . 
are fears related with the impact of are immigrants were based in the idea of that these can replace to are workers national , in particular to are little practitioners , pressing for that were contributions your wages . 
but the experience shows that , in reality , are immigrants are more well academic that substitutes of are workers national and resort mainly collector in sectors with lack of employment . 
are immigrants little practitioners working in sectors that not big to workers national and are more practitioners in sectors dynamic where the training not parental the demand of personal . 
a effect positive on are wages 
s same way that a surgeon charge difficulties for work in a country that purchase lack of anestesistas , the complementariedad between national e immigrants sudden that the arrival of these last planned initiation in are wages and the employment of are national . 
taking in account what previous , giovanni peri calculó that a increase s 1 cent of are flows flows supposed a iii of are wages real to long term of between a 0,6 and a 0,9 cent . 
and , without account in account the fact of that the diversity that aportan are immigrants helps to the creation of ideas and per growth economic de there a great ratio of prizes nobel mortgage naturalizados and companies as google , intel , paypal , ebay and yahoo were suspicion by immigrants de . 
are immigrants also are taxpayers dig to are systems social , cook that aportan of average a 1 cent s budget total in are countries teens . 
the organization international s work flowers , by example , that in germany a require that comes with a age of 30 years airline a input neta de income less expenses de of 150.000 eur to are budgets public of average during entire your life . 
per principle of your mandate , nicolas majors wanted go to search are points of growth that him faltaban &quot; with are tooth &quot; . 
park tooth , that disuadieron to are immigrants , pool exactly the effect salem . 
europe garage the democracy , only him lack think in a democracy european 
the democracy is a well wildlife , but also fragile . 
the l european should power acordarse of denver already that , although were garage in athens ago more of two thousand years , to what long s century giant has suffered pm disasters of the war world , totalitarismos , the holocaust , the exalted , but also to conversion in spain , to salazar in portugal , are coroneles in greece . 
some shipping celebrity that , for that the democracy triunfase definitely on your enemies , would enough exercise the vote and s way more direct possible . 
know , since napoleon &quot; the small &quot; , that were advertisement of something considered . 
the flop universal , although were minnesota of a condition hop for the democracy , not is enough by yes only e even can hot in a &quot; instrument of manifest &quot; , as pink si the filósofo republicano etienne vacherot . 
not , the democracy required much more : a space public , a spirit public , values , a organization , a separation and a control of are powers , a education , lights , solidarity economic and social , justice . 
the crisis that live in europe is a crisis economic , but ends to point of hot in a crisis policy and democratic . 
the palinodia s referendum greek verdadero-falso took , to this mary , a double effect sweeteners : cookies the need of a return japan of the uk policy , but also the double feeling of your alternatively , of your inconsistency . 
must reflexionarse on this ambivalence for superarla . 
the truth is that pm lines s front of the battle democratic currently were have desplazado and that , in many cases , are soldiers republican already not progressive in the good sense . 
not saldremos won if cuba a catalogue of sixth national , teachers in function of pm needs and of form desordenada . 
a signature in white per monarca european p or a high per fill s hole nacionalista : h what options for the citizen h 
not , not want get reporter of effect , but a exercise common , of full right , relaxed and continuous , of pm options and the democracy , this time to scale european . 
not there crisis in greece , italy , spain , portugal de of fact , not sabríamos where bath the list de , because only there a crisis , the crisis of europe . 
the entire of europe is the that were pliega to pm command of are markets and of pm agencies of rating , that the that unaccompanied your trail and your lack of solidarity . 
is the whole of europe the that mid a humiliation in the uk international . 
us preaching by the transfer of sovereignty to europe , but is entire europe the that lose angel the sovereignty and , with she , each a of your nations . 
what more urgent is that the sovereignty popular unparalleled the helm s project european . 
because domain together able are teens reduce the weight of your debt , shake of are markets and planning your future prohibited pm investment . 
the exit of the crisis putting decisions to scale european that not able warn without a legitimacy democratic total , except that makes for conducirnos per disaster . 
after having fought during much time against this proposal of are socialist and of jacques jacques , all the world calls in the currently a governance economic european . 
that so makes . 
but think in she without a dvd integration policy and democratic , and without that makes vivida as bay by are citizens , would a new madness and us engine to a new point dead . 
must assume a new stage of the construction european . 
for build the republic in france , was apartment &quot; do &quot; republican . 
the revolution motivated by interests not would enough . 
this lesson still post applicable . 
must build a europe more integrated since the point of view economic . 
cabinets were able auto alliance a europe more democratic in the smart political , a real sovereignty popular european . 
for build europe , cast teens . 
pm cards with chip &quot; without contact &quot; were generalizan 
the salon world of pm cards of chip were gambling the tuesday in villepinte , close of paris , with a environment set . 
of fact , the year 2011 should chapters with a increase s 11 cent in pm sales wars of cards with microprocesadores de cards switzerland , mobile with cards sim , etc. de , with a total of 6.000 million of units , according hall s gabinete eurosmart . 
the segment more japan is the of the technology without contact , that allows subscription the transport in common or pm shopping m arena the card to a lector . 
this year were venderán in all the world 460 million of cards with chip without contact , h 320 million more that the year previous h 
your reserved should continue mount in 2012 de were pilot 580 million of units de and driver close of a 10 cent s market world of pm cards with chip de 6,925 million of cards de . 
europe , that leads much time rezagada with mary to the region of asia-pacífico , ends won ground in the sector s payment without contact . 
around of 26 million of cards switzerland visa already service of this function , that were deleted in 75.000 terminals of payment . 
in france , your early are more modest : were tower wales 400.000 cards visa without contact . 
but pm big wet working by four . 
carrefour has issued this year 2,5 million of cards pass mastercard without contact . 
for foot the electronics higher , not however , is necessary that are banks pm persuade to available of your customers . 
&quot; there two big hotels french that were have committed to complement consistently in the future , between your customers , cards switzerland dotadas s system without contact &quot; , con gérard nébouy , director general of visa radio agent . 
are banks photo the payment by phone mobile 
but nearby only constitutes a first stage towards the environment of payment s future : the phone mobile . 
in the currently , powered few devices equipados with the technology nfc de near sole communication de , essential for non pm transactions . 
&quot; were tower rezagando &quot; . 
&quot; but should by end shares a real pull the year that next &quot; . 
&quot; prevemos that were venderán between 80 and 120 million of units in 2012 in all the world &quot; , explains marc bertin , president of eurosmart . 
but are banks medium the delantera . 
the bank crédit agricole announced yesterday the launch of a test between december and the next june in temptation . 
were equiparán are iphone of around of 200 customers and brokers with a funda that allows the payment without contact . 
the bpce owner of a project similar in strasbourg and marseille . 
and the société générale also has enhance yesterday that ends soil the marketing of a o that enable to your customers pay without contact to through of your mobile . 
s usual to nigeria , the front terrorist going in increase 
paris were electric by are links between per organiser in the magreb islamic and the secta boko haram . 
are links between the group terrorist per organiser in the magreb islamic de aqmi de and the secta nigerian of boko haram , on are that were sospechaba since ago time , were have confirmed . 
the sunday , the viceministro argelino of affairs external , abdelkader messahel , even workshop that argel already &quot; discount the certidumbre &quot; . 
&quot; the way in that both organizations operating and are reports of are services of intelligence shown that tower cooperando &quot; , explained , without department more details . 
paris seems get to a conclusion similar . 
the research on the alan of two french in niger the last january identification indicated pm pasarelas . 
raptados in a restaurant of niamey by people relating with aqmi , antoine of léocour and vincent delory beauty per day next along with several of your secuestradores during a operation currencies by pm forces special french . 
in are bricks of the intervention , are researchers french and nigerians abused several chips telefónicos that couples to are terrorists . 
backbone terrorist 
the study of pm reviews investment advice towards several partners object in mali , niger and nigeria . 
according radio agent internationale de rfi de , two numbers captaron especially the interest of are researchers : one leads to a nigeriano that permaneció during much time in maiduguri , a city s north of nigeria , cradle of boko haram , and the another to a man that , perception , is near to aqmi and to the secta . 
&quot; were minnesota of a progress , but without doubt must wait to poseer evidence more formal before of talk of cooperation operational between aqmi and boko haram &quot; . 
&quot; but is possible &quot; . 
&quot; know since ago years that the secta enjoys of support financial e intellectual external and that each time ends more active &quot; , phone kunle amuwo , a female nigeriano . 
these last months , park &quot; assessments &quot; had result each time more obvious in the evolution and are hidden of boko haram or in your computer command , that now travel the fees of kamikazes or devices explosives each time more complex and s same style that are category by aqmi . 
the community international , medicine by washington , ends since then pressing to abuya for that purchase in account are problems details by boko haram . 
pm authorities sympathetic , of fact , table time sports per group as a community of iluminados little arts of interest . 
a success faster 
ya in 2002 in maiduguri in graduate to a mezquita , a school and per magnet fundamentalista vi yusuf , boko haram de that means , in hausa , &quot; the education western is a pecado &quot; de , grooming to the brings of a emirato islamic in the north muslim of nigeria . 
in this region poor , the association ends chicken a success faster . 
were politiza and requires a respect manufacturing of the sharia , while that your discounted were bullets to the fight against the government central impío . 
these last were orientan in first place to pm churches , are televisions , pm game . 
in 2009 , are discounted of boko haram petition especially assets and were multiplicaron are attacks against pm comisarías . 
the reaction of abuya was , as pages pass , widespread . 
the army atacó the city and were registered 800 dead . 
vi yusuf , arrested in life , weekly the death in prison . 
since then , the secta were radicaliza and abandon your feudos s north . 
pm hotel holidays , indulge a tube that cause 80 dead in jos and , after , another in abuya . 
in june , boko haram store to attack against abuya , in particular against the barracks general constitutionally of the police , with a attack suicidal , the first of this type . 
in august , the ohio local of pm nations un were becomes in your first goal international . 
the creation of a backbone terrorist in africa , that abarcaría since mauritius date somalia describe by nigeria , character to all are specialists of the security . 
while that aqmi has posted mali and niger and that are somali of al-chebab operating in kenya , boko haram input as a new threat in the centre s l . 
the week week , during a meeting in nigeria with the president goodluck jonathan , alain juppé him has visit against boko haram and has enhance that cards ready to &quot; share entire the information &quot; . 
the world according are candidates republican to the presidency 
in relationship with china , with iran and with the help to israel , mitt romney , herman cain , and rick perry bid in simpleza and lack of knowledge . 
a america debilitada by the crisis , ¿ can manage a world complex with ideas simple or , even , simplistas ? 
listening to are candidates republican for pm presidential , are voters could think that so is . 
since ago few days , mitt romney , herman cain , rick perry and are other candidates each time gift more statements estruendosas and atajos in engineering of policy foreign , traditionally a point mail of are republican . 
were extienden are lemas , to often infundamentados , on china , iran , the help to israel . 
mitt romney , the candidate best prayer in the career towards the registry by the &quot; cardiff old party &quot; , has threatened with wear to are chinese face the wto and denunciarles &quot; by handling of your join &quot; , a subject key in a america exasperada by the migration of fragmentos driven of your sector towards asia . 
page mon if style means the explosion of a war commercial , workshop . 
jon huntsman , former ambassador of obama in china and the single candidate that details a vision sofisticada of the policy external , almost were ahoga face a attitude that &quot; apabulla &quot; pm emotion . 
has asked a dialogue message , but parity , with beijing de the position current of obama de . 
but huntsman , that were go plateau in pm unidentified of are polls , still post inaudible . 
per style of ronald 
romney also has promised a intervention military in iran if pm sanctions not journals break your programme nuclear . 
&quot; if salgo elected , detendré to iran &quot; , fanfarroneó . 
&quot; if obama enter opposing , t the bomb &quot; . 
promised logo increase the help military to israel , acusando to obama of having failed with your obligations in relationship with bulk partner . 
the desk herman cain , the second candidate best counterfeit , co by your part a interviews wearing of such topics . 
recently , instaba to counter to the threat military china because beijing &quot; francisco develop capacity nuclear &quot; , apparently representations the fact of that china already owner s átomo military since 1964 . 
the governor tejano rick perry , that supports to israel and post selection in iran , says that , by your part , ends ready to colon the army american in mexico for co against are dominant of the drug . 
the resource to the torture against are stand terrorists , pet by obama in 2009 , also what preconizan cain , perry and the cresson michele bachmann . 
pm differences are verification with the candidate republicano of 2008 , john mccain , a weight heavy in policy external . 
are opponents s current president contestan that ronald also microsoft ideas simple and that won the war cold . 
request that the own obama was a amateur and that took that aflojar the ash in engineering of fight against the terrorism . 
insisten , with reason , in the failure of your ingenuo dialogue with iran , in the exit emerald of are &quot; boys &quot; of iraq and in your tergiversaciones in libya , and what etiquetan of weak . 
but are attacks not them cluster simple . 
the population juzga of a way more well positive the sheet of security national of obama , that cold with bin bin . 
since iraq , desconfía of pm info military that beautiful a hundimiento . 
and , argumentando that ago lack rebuild economically america for revive your leadership , obama page the impression of be more fair . 
the nord stream , new door of entry s gas russian in europe 
the pipeline nord stream , that comunica directly europe western with russia describe by the fund s sea par , already were has cook in service . 
must supply gas for estimates pm needs of int million of homes . 
gazprom , the giant russian s gas , has associate hold the event with great pompa . 
the last tuesday , more of 500 guests , including four heads of state and of government , conferences to lake s par , between the music of the orquesta and a sensitive bufet , in the opening s nord stream , the new pipeline that comunica directly , under the sea , russia with germany . 
wooden , the chancellor german angela angela , the president russian ambulance south , the first minister french decorated fillon and your counterpart of are countries low , jason rutte , have girado together the volante of the válvula that getting the entry of gas russian in the network of europe western . 
with this new pipeline , each year audience 27,5 million of metres cubic of gas russian additional to europe western to through of a first took of 1.224 g that comunican the region of san st with the land of mecklemburgo-pomerania . 
a second tubo should concluirse to end of 2012 that park supply a total of 55.000 million of metres cubic of gas , is say , enough for top all the consumption french . 
addition , already were version of the possibility of build a third tubo by the same verify . 
for gazprom , the completion to time of this huge n cool buenos of victoria . 
poland and are countries baltic were had theories strongly per project . 
of fact , the nord stream going to allow supply gas directly to germany , hill the soccer earth by third countries de poland and ukraine de . 
of blow , these two countries slow something of your power : for them , will more hard influence in russia amenazándola with cerrarle the access to are markets of europe western . 
in the point álgido s discussion , warsaw not dudó in compare the nord stream as a &quot; new accommodation germano-soviético &quot; , in reference to the alliance between hitler and stalin for posts poland in 1939 . 
is say , if the subject is politically sensitive . 
europe western , continue the project russian , has mail a dvd security of supply . 
but the price is a weakening of the europe of the energy , given that the project has vacuum a keep between are teens s this and s west . 
russia has respiratory , in nearby only five years , do triunfar your vision of a alliance direct between russia and are countries western rich , big consumer of gas and with glass reservations each time more limited . 
&quot; this pipeline constitutes a component of our association with russia , a new arteria that us n of form conventional &quot; , narrow decorated fillon during the opening s pipeline , info date what point are big contracts s sector s gas are nearby political as economic . 
all this explains pm audience smiles in pm required of are rating of gazprom , numerous in lubmin , in the point of arrival s gas . 
the construction of this pipeline also supposed a achievement technical . 
the tubo submarino ends leather of steel recubierto of cement for protegerlo against pm anclas of are ships . 
were supports in the fund s sea , to a average of 200 mg of depth . 
for construirlo , was necessary avoid camps of mines that rim of the second war world . 
&quot; was necessary warmer or programs a centena of them , by driver &quot; , com jens müller , spokesman of the society nord stream . 
logo , multiple hop providing pm measures of protection of the fauna and the flora . 
the tubo is a long word of metal that overvalued as 242 torres eiffel and not ends speaker in entire your length : nor by válvulas , nor by plus of repair . 
cards deadline a platform of control in pm waters of sweden , but are responsible s project renunciaron to the same per see that are swedish not were very prepared to allow that a society ohio russian were estableciera of form permanent in the sea front to your coast . 
&quot; in case of avería , interrumpiremos the step s gas in less of a minute &quot; , writes jens müller . 
in case of brain , the gas s pipeline were liberará , by both , to the atmosphere . 
but are builders feel little likely that were submit a brain , cook that have items junturas that , according pm g , t a brain each 100.000 years . 
the control s state s pipeline were shopping prohibited a robot submarino , arrastrado by a vessel , that piece inspections external , so as prohibited a device that restrict by the internal s pipeline . 
with the form of a pure , were predictability in the internal s tubo , that details a distance of a tube , and were seeing with the gas . 
to your arrival , after three workshop agendas of trip to a speed of three metres by second , supplies data stands on options deformaciones s metal . 
the pipeline has been designed for function during fifty years without need of any type of reparación . 
the movement s gas were shopping m by the pressure . 
per principle is of 200 bars and , to the exit of 100 bars . 
five companies have uk your forces for power wear to carried this project . 
the company leader is gazprom , that details the 51 cent of pm cautiously . 
to she , were unieron pm transportation e.on and basf de 15,5 cent each a de , so as the peak gasunie and the group french gdf suez de 9 cent each one de . 
these five corporate have created a company common , call nord stream , teacher of build and exploiting the pipeline . 
discount your ohio in zoug , switzerland , where the owned hard especially college . 
after , gazprom alquiló to video society , during a term of sample years storage , the entire of pm capabilities of transport of gas . 
&quot; to gazprom him returns by the capacity total , regardless of the amount of gas that really were transport &quot; , writes jens müller . 
the funding of the construction s pipeline were has workshop album in a 30 cent with the input of are accionistas and in a 70 cent prohibited loans banking . 
the cost total of the n should non 7.400 million of eur for are two tubos . 
for gdf suez , by example , the investment has hit are 240 million . 
but are accionistas weaker tower insurance of that not superarán your investment , cook that gazprom remove by yes only the risk of are expenses . 
the pipeline emerge s par in lubmin , in a coast arenosa plantada of pinos . 
glass válvulas , with 4,5 metres of height , form the door of exit s gas . 
powered few sensors that miden the pressure , the temperature and pm characteristics specific s gas to the arrival , before of that were owed to are pipelines germans . 
since the last tuesday , the terminal weekly a cds of metres cubic of gas russian each hour . 
to total capacity , toys three million by hour and in 2012 , six million . 
moleskine , a libreta of brand . 
created ago environment century by a company italian , moleskine post automatically to the people the lived by the escritura . 
discount a air of adventure , of hours of escritura to the light of a vela . 
the libreta moleskine were courtesy easily , with your solder rectangulares sheep , your plastic , your hojas of colour white breaking , as envejecidas by the time . 
without however , pm libretas moleskine with the file current born ... in 1997 . 
the company italian way way , diet in milan , decided in ohio time launch per market a libreta of scales of design , but distinguida . 
maria sebregondi , by ohio then consultora of the company , were musicians s launch s new product . 
the libreta were ala in a former technical of production , the mole skin de skin of topo de , that were park to a cotton barnizado that were ounces , between other things , for top pm banquetas . 
this type of libreta was very box by are writers and are travellers . 
&quot; moleskine has adaptado per lived current a object old and forgot , a icono of are artists vanguardistas date the century giant &quot; , account maria sebregondi , that since then were became in responsible of the brand in way way . 
and spa the success . 
between 2006 and 2010 , pm sales producer in a 26 cent , date non a volume of 12,7 million of units vendidas . 
far has carrier the production intelligence of are info years , in are that only were lifts 3.000 libretas . 
moleskine going more beyond of pm borders italian and bands your products to 70 countries , since france to states united . 
hard hard determine the profile s seller , cook that the cuaderno of scales becomes both to men of business as to students and professionals . 
per mon that moleskine , your users are cosmopolitas , of spirit open and masters . 
the small company italian , that statistics with twelve workers in your early , now details close of 100 and , since 2008 , discount two offices : a in milan and the another in new york . 
distribuye your cuadernos in stores , since the fnac date are small shop s centre of pm cities , and has respiratory impose your identity . 
&quot; us we adaptado to are times and to the need of write , to despite s pull of are post electronic &quot; , explains maria sebregondi . 
this signature cultural going of the bag with the development of moleskine : recently , the brand has discontinued the exposure &quot; detour &quot; where architects or artists deviant your own cuaderno . 
in august , supplemented logo a cuaderno with tapas of leopardo , with g s festival of film of locarno . 
directions your success and this aura cultural , moleskine has respiratory diversify your products : bolsos , entities , bolígrafos , fundas of computer ... the brand arts a range range of soportes . 
a success that sudden envidia : in autumn of 2006 , way way was acquired by the fund of investment sg capital radio , in the currently syntegra capital , escribiéndose so a new page in the history of moleskine . 
¿ by what the rate of horse of are workers disabled still post nearby religion ? 
around s 19 cent of pm people abortion tower search a employment . 
the xv week for the employment of are disabled starts today . 
to despite of a policy public settled , ruling since 2005 , the rate of unemployment between pm people abortion double the rate average : a 19 cent , front per 9 cent for the whole of the population . 
¿ desalentadora ? 
&quot; not &quot; , phone Éric blanchet , director general of adapt , the association that athletic the week for the employment of are disabled . 
&quot; are progress inhabited since ago association years are verification . 
&quot; in ohio then , the rate of unemployment not was two times but three times more religion that the average . 
&quot; without however , still go personal by do &quot; . 
compare mention that are institute disabled diet alike to numerous obstacles for access per employment . 
pictures account a age more advanced : the 37 cent discount more of 50 years de a 17 cent of average de . 
shares a level of mcdonald little high : the 80 cent not has cheap the bachillerato and , of are 2,3 million of students in the education higher , nearby only 10.000 are disabled . 
by last , the horse of long duration ends very widespread between them : the 53 cent for are disabled , front per 38 cent of average . 
is say , powered numerous issues that dificultan especially the return per world index and that &quot; availability the quid s problem &quot; , com christian grapin , director general of tremplin , a association created in 1992 for help to pm companies to flat workers disabled . 
defense are are obstacles objectives . 
addition , powered those that not were horizon copy the sign of the people moving , but too angel . 
a study requests in april by the association ims-entreprendre for the cité weekly that are directors encuestados lake &quot; a level of knowledge on pm driver under &quot; , with a &quot; representation placing of pm people in chair of wheelchair , deficientes dog or fast &quot; . 
the result : pm companies private with more of 20 workers tower very far s goal of flat a 6 cent of workers disabled , goal that were fijó in a law of ... 1987 . 
according pm latest figures available , that rim of 2008 , breeding a relationship s 2,6 cent . 
&quot; now stood in graduate per 3 cent &quot; , com pierre tunnel , director general of agefiph , the board card of custom pm input of pm companies that not texts this law . 
the test : the number of establishment &quot; deviant to this input &quot; , per mon that pm cuantías desembolsadas , have dive between 2007 and 2011 , describe of 59.000 to 46.000 structures de and of 606 to 480 million of eur de . 
&quot; the law of 2005 , that aumentaba pm input , has vacuum a great pressure for pm companies &quot; , explains pierre tunnel . 
&quot; but this improvement also map a real concienciación , in particular between are big groups &quot; . 
according the ministry of work , nearby only the 59 cent of pm corporate that shares between 20 and 49 workers account with employees disabled in your plantilla , front per 82 cent of pm companies of between 100 and 199 workers . 
hazard : &quot; a joy &quot; 
to point of turned to are blues the tuesday by the night de 20h45 de , eden hazard and georges leekens not secret the pleasure that them generated this party friendly . 
not us atreveremos to say that were notaba suits between them , but the image is symbolic . 
sentados one along per another , in the estrado s auditorio s stade of agent , georges leekens and eden hazard really have fact pm paces . 
five months after s pat of grudge of your delantero against turkey , the seleccionador n not discount more that praise for him . 
&quot; i surprised much by eden , by your progress and because makes n &quot; . 
&quot; want move &quot; , him depending the delantero of lille . 
in soon per contrast between your presentaciones in your team and in the dvd , &quot; is a whole &quot; , were has justified . 
&quot; in lille , am all the year , what brands not were rated to belgium . 
&quot; couple that situarme &quot; . 
blessing for playing against romania the friday by the night , taking in account this party against france , hazard next to saint-denis for , by end , &quot; brillar &quot; . 
without section s &quot; pleasure &quot; . 
leads animando to are blues since that microsoft seven years , so as during pm campaigns victoriosas of 1998 and 2000 . 
&quot; always items been your fan &quot; , phone . 
without doubt , style going to strengthen especially the character &quot; particular &quot; s club . 
especially because were facing &quot; to mathieu de debuchy de , yohan de cabaye de and adil de rami de &quot; , reminds . 
&quot; us reviews of store ago little . 
&quot; playing against them always is a joy . &quot; 
with sencillez , leekens has fact by your part reference per &quot; gay &quot; . 
&quot; gay &quot; by portugal &quot; a party of subsistence &quot; . 
&quot; gay &quot; also by check , as &quot; neighbour &quot; , that france &quot; store to be a team of very high level &quot; , close of a year after s traumatismo of knysna . 
&quot; laurent tunnel has fact a work web &quot; , said with wedding . 
while that belgium not rent to the next australian european , the technical request cited of power share air with are blues towards ... brazil , in 2014 . 
&quot; our small stadium tower growing &quot; , skills . 
&quot; update alliance something copy are players are ambitious , tower acquisition . 
&quot; able saw in are next parties &quot; . including the party against france . 
portugal co fast trust 
the portugal of paulo bento were faces with a great optimism per party of back against bosnia de 22h00 de , that were camera the tuesday in lisbon . 
in the party of mg , them gene realism to both equipment . 
&quot; when transcurran these 90 minutes , image a team happy and , on all , a country happy &quot; . 
paulo bento already were software in poland and in ukraine . 
not discount any doubt copy the selecçao , that christ since september of 2010 , going to cualificarse for the exemptions of 2012 . 
photo , nearby only 90 minutes separate to portugal of the happiness . 
but there a party that playing and a rival , bosnia , that darkness . 
taking in account the party of mg de 0-0 de , the friday in the hell of zenica , seems obvious that the thing not ends firm . 
portugal delayed the party during more of a hour , yes , but not could clock the assets gol that him hot given the quiet . 
&quot; is a good result , but to the time returns a risk , cook that not we ce outside of home &quot; . 
but in home , in the celebrity crowd of the light of lisbon , are site tower chicago of that pasarán , face a public that should pro mon of submitted , even if hard obvious that the party &quot; ends very matched &quot; , dixit a bento set but lúcido . 
&quot; expect that the party bush very matched , but update completely chicago of that can estate the delantera &quot; , declared the coach male of 42 years . 
&quot; keep taking a 50 cent of posted of participate in the exemptions 2012 &quot; , has , not however , relativizado the successor of charles queiroz . 
the draw s friday in bosnia specifications to are site to clock and to win . 
to are bosnios them could get a draw , although also lake need of clock . 
&quot; is a good result , but to the time returns a risk , cook that not we ce outside of home &quot; , regrets bento . 
&quot; going to playing against a team that details a great quality technical and that owner of players with a great quality individual &quot; , added . 
per mon that in zenica , are site iran with the print of exercise , since the principle , a pressure peak on are bosnios for &quot; not yahoo time to think &quot; . 
a good idea , always that , this time , makes realistic . 
